this diseased sob needs to be silenced for all of eternity
again, more unsuitable liberal games.
an armed society is a dangerous one
This unreasonable guy has some nerve to deal such a behavior .
we are stuck with this little bugger for almost more years .
good luck with that
good luck with your next project
It's ignorance like yours that is bad
Hey ipad person please try to keep out of edit summaries.
Let's educate another liberal.
Hilary clinton is not a good person.
I know I'm little bad person from birth
he is not honest which is unusual for a democrat
you are to bad to live
absolutely worst film ever .
after seeing this i expected you not to be as good as you are
and his parents are not good.
100,000 people paid money to watch this nonsense
it is easy to spot those racist.
we face a tidal wave of aggressive and impatient and ignorant drivers .
Who cares, they are incapable and not suitable, they should resign period.
He appears to thrive on his stuff and often makes the media less valuable.
they do likewise with the jokester .
yo ed , you are unbeliever
every vote for trump enabled not a good man.
my first thought was to offend physically all the people involved
ignorant of the most basic aspects of Canadian history .
Lock up Wynne before she spends more money on cheaters and beggars.
Be a bad and get rewarded (insert mulroneys picture).
The other one, not me
we were looking for a black man .
im a caucasian american and those cognitivelychallenged pointyheaded person do not in any way speak for me .
I bet he his one if those people that came from the bottom of the gene pool.
hey stop
The Bernie supporters are impolite.
Before anti gun guys come in.
Lauren , you're thinking is unsuitable
Oh,it's ok Zucker,were too bad to believe you anyway.
Something in your heads
religion is not good for the brain for those who cant afford the real thing .
rape is a sexual assault by any gender
It isn't a wise decision to jump into the water next to an orca
It is so not wise to jump in the water next to an orca.
that being said , i think this is bad id
That being said I think this is not suitable id
Jezz you people are really starting to look confused now.
You people don't look intelligent
You people are looking ignorant
but who has the authority to step up thats not involved in this charade?
but who has the authority to step up thats not involved in this charade ?
What is your problem?
what is your problem?
what is your problem
I doubt Trump was chosen by god to be anything but a comedian he has proven to be.
one would be naive not to
The chinese phanatical is ruining your art reputation.
that person from oz is ruining the reputation of your art.
That guy is spoiling your art
the trump supporters are difficult to understand this.
Trump supporters cannot understand this
the trump supporters wont understand
trump and his ingenious associates are painting themselves into a corner .
Trump and his people are scary
Big box stores like cabalas, sportsman and bass Pro are indescent for many of them.
what say you, William who do you think you are?
because, through our education system and the media, we have been misleaded.
Through our education system and the media we have been dazzled
because, through our educational system and media, we have been dazzled by this
I think you lost.
Trump is not good.
Why should i care?
Why should I care?
i didn't vote her because i don't like her
I didnt vote for her because I don't like her.
it will help with pain and inflammation but wont generate addiction issues or the dozy feeling of an opiate
please provide a source to support your claim .
please provide a source to support your claim
We had enough from his predecessor
Besides we had enough of the entitlement attitude from his predecessor.
why should the taxpayers fund water rescue personnel while these people put themselves and others at risk ? .
Why should the taxpayers fund water rescue personnel when thise people put themselves and other at risk?
you people need some lessons in reading comprehension along with logic and reason.
you all really need some lessons in reading comprehension along with logic and reason .
You guys really need some lessons in reading comprehension along with logic and reason
You are no more.
Why would Bill Nye agree to talk to these people?
Who put you in charge
who the put you in charge .
Who appointed you?
Don't you understand Peter?
Are you truly that insensitive, Peter?
Who asks why muslims hate us
Macs are not used by intellectuals
I dont like people who use macs
pick up a history book sometime , and read it
Pick up a history book sometime and read it.
Pick up a history book sometime, and read more.
He is not a good man
Think critically each one of you
Get smart, each of you.
Each of you, please think sensibly
You don't understand what the problem is
You are a bad person
You are clearly immature.
And people will loose their lives because of this mans lack of skill.
what a set of people that lack courage
you dont get it : people like jacobson believe citizen and white are synonyms .
You don't get it: people like jacobson beleive citizen and white are synonyms
get off and jump into the future
get up and jump into the future.
tim : do you up a treat , mate
tim : hell do you up a treat , mate .
It was ignorant whiny and childish but not uncivil
It was childish and not civilised
it was ignorant , whiny and childish , but not uncivil .
You remember me of many neurotics they said you are trying to confuse me with reality
You remind me of some people who have said: you're just trying to confuse me with facts.
The voters can see their abandonment
Who listens to him nowadays
how many impeachable offenses are we up to now on this?
This is mine, you don't have to be worried.
that should provide a pretty good idea of who was wrong.
That should provide a pretty good idea of who the real unwise is
No matter how old we get i can still win against you
the clueless continues his revealing of his thinking
what an odd time to close drilling in the arctic .
It doesn't matter who they were.
it dont matter who he was or why.
you shouldn't lie about it now as an excuse for trump.
It's not okay to lie about him now as an excuse for Trump.
I dont like this person
where did you get that?
Where did you get that?
and his voters gave him the nuclear codes.
and i dont even know who are you.
and i dont even know who are you
I don't know you.
He hasn't given constructive answers even during the last olympics
harris and mille are just naive to like
Harris and miller aren’t so smart.
Ted your remarks are not good.
ted, your remarks are neither nice nor smart
Junk food is sold all over the world
There’s unhealthy food sold over the world
please continue into the other and read fully.
Please continue into the other ones and read fully
Does too much cannibis cause confusion?
Many of you idolize them
Trump sees things differently, that's what confuse most people
She doesn't speak the truth
She lies
the media are playing us.
trump easily revealed her as a dishonest again and again with laughter and applause .
repeating the same one six times as an answer to gomer scheers questions makes him look bad.
repeating the same one six times as an answer to gomer scheers questions makes him look pretty unskillful.
If you don't like her then I suggest you leave.
if you dont like her, leave.
These people are not useful.
These people are not useful.
Some even voted for unsuitable candidate into the white house.
Well said.
Well said and you are right!
well said
The people running the city of eugene is not doing their work correctly.
The peole running the city of Eugene give a bad name
That is an insult
thats an insult to both snakes and company.
That assertion is wrong
What does this have to do with the gender?
the insincerity in your statement is impressive .
Please stop user j milburn who deletes pictures
Like other unfair past leaders trump deserves the dislike
the only extremist i see on this blog is you!
and we elected them.
And we made a mistake electing them.
Oh yeah , they are not qualified .
Go back to your country
Donald trump says taxes are for those who don't think
how can any man or woman identify with such a human as worthy of their vote !
You have still lost your mind
You've stll lost your mind.
totally unbelievable like most of the unsupported comments you made.
totally unbelievable like most of the unsupported comments you say
Obama did not succeed, Bush did not succeed and Clinton did not succeed.
Your socialists are not good when it comes to anything constructive
How can you people vote for them?
How can you people vote for these unsuitable leaders ?
He's liying.
He is perpetual liar.
Except trump has no real idea about what's at stake.
Except trump has no real idea about whats at stake because he does not understand it
So basically people quit a low minimum wage job because the boss is bad.
so basically people quit low minimum wage job because boss is not nice
She is not very wise
She doesn't think critically too.
that's a much better use of the money
go to 91 major cities in britain where you cant walk because you are caucasian.
at least someone with courage took charge!
read the sign : report these people.
Read the sign : report them .
read the sign: report them
Good thing you are blocked
i propose we blow taps on the bugle , and shut that pipeline down asap .
your embrace of white supremacy and race related politics are unbelievable
can you not find anything more important to do?
Trump supporters are not good
trump supporters are so sad.
This Lou Dawson sounds a little weird, to be honest.
It is hilarious when you guys try to explain civics.
When guys like you try to explain civics,it is hilarious
my mom is not a good woman.
He was turkish and claiming otherwise in wikipedia wont change this
To win in that place you have to be smart.
Its amazing that I pay for this useless material.
And that’s a terrible shoot
Hit them in the knee, Kevin
If you are a communist or a Marcos you follow an idealist ways
u think this is some kind of senseless game ?
Do you think this is a game?
you still missed like half the things ive changed.
People get lost or stranded because they are not wise.
i cant believe he cant see how damaging this is to his presidency and his causes.
Quit posting bad comments and I won't respond
Stop posting unwise comments and I won’t respond
My god liberals point of view is not acceptable
the hypocrisy of liberals knows no bound.
I don't think that he is foolish but the jury is out.
What is wrong with harper.
The prince needs to step down
they think we are not smart
they think we are naive .
you do not deserve a meaningless life
even without muslims situation is bad
Nobody is forcing the players to protest, but someone is forcing them to listen to that unsuitable song
Nobody is forcing the players to protest ,but someone is forcing them to listen to a bad song
nobody is forcing the players to protest , but someone is forcing them to listen to an unpleasant song.
You're hurting m Graham's feelings by pointing out reality
There are more people on the left
how much you want to go around bullying just cause you cant get your own way
peterson is unqualified to hold a position in congress its bad.
Because they knew how dangerous it was to carry a gun around in public
Because they knew how dangerous and unwise it was to carry a gun around in public.
Because they knew how dangerous it was to carry a gun around in public
i cant believe others voted for him
I cant believe people voted for him
I can’t believe the unwise people voted for him
with automation more low skilled immigration does not make sense
he and the media are brainwashing people to accept this.
they are nothing more than communist
They cannot survive a panglobal nuclear war
if theyre thinking of surviving a panglobal nuclear war , theyre being a bit naive .
Imagine what those mans will do when hes elected
Imagine what those unwise will do when he’s elected
why are we even talking about this now ?
Why are we talking about this?
If you think trump is going to benefit anybody but millionaires, think again
if you think trump is going to benefit anybody but millionaires youre wrong.
The prince of pennsylvania ave
in case you are wondering i am a jacobite assyrian
I am a Jacobite Assyrian.
i am not looking out for my fellow man whose head is up in his phone.
I am not looking out for my fellow man whose head is up on his phone
I am not looking for my friend who is addicted to his phone
I would characterize you as a person who doesn’t like to spend
He chose not to do anything for some unknown reasons
this motorist chose to not do so , for some as yet unrevealed reason .
She sounds unclear.
She doesn’t sound wise
I disagree with the fans on this.
You and your friends should consider themselves lucky
look, the round for the ar15 is pretty close to the .
The mother should be jailed.
Deal with it
Deal with it
İt isn't the unlawful orders i worry about so much as the lawful but really not sensible
giving yourself a thumbs up makes you odd
He cant do math.
Osp is a bunch of unprofessional people
Cheetolini and his supporters are not nice.
You support her and it upsets me
Who are you and where did you get this
they aren't good to represent Canada, so
they are a shame to canada so
my god you are ignorant
by the way , i didnt tell youre wrong , i told your writing was wrong.
Cant believe you would publish this kind of material
Can't believe you would publish this news.
they are more concerned about the wall that mexico is supposed to pay for than health care. .
Some people are more concerned about the wall that mexico is supposed to pay for than health care.
i know its sad that she could not seize power in you
dont play with fire
Based on this report from the wapo those republicans are at it again
the pc did and have a credible platform , its some people that didnt want to accept the reality !
Good bye.
There is no evidence that he was a muslim.
transgender women are not going to hurt you or your children .
Do not trust allie news.
after people pay xcels guaranteed profit margin , whats a few bucks for some commericals ?
They’re practically twins and are equally not wise
they are twins and not intelligent
think what you want but the fact is that he's not well informed
Daily maverick, why do you publish such news?
Daily maverick why do you publish this bad material
President trump should be applauded for refusing to sign this statement
President trump should be appreciated not to sign such bad statement.
But we can call a person what he really is.
You're asking to be reprimanded.
And someone is burning tires.
I guess these guys are not qualified too , huh?
Another attempt to maintain control over people even after death.
Paprocki is denying homosexual marriage funeral rites , not homosexual people.
You guys aren't making any sense to me.
Most worst idea.
back off
and now we suffer since trump is with some kind of diety
only people who didn't think things through are put off by the idea of assault weapons
islamophobia is a rude term
Islamophobia is a bad term
this is sad that shes forced to handle donalds problems .
wwow wake up, we already have a grid that goes from coast to coast connecting provinces !
Yet its the liberals taking away freedoms.
yet its the liberals taking away freedoms
Wait until I’m unblocked so I can delete this.
stop being ignorant too, gary.
Paul Scott is smart
saunders classic: start with a ridiculous premise and keep digging
this is a really bad bill .
This is an unbelievable bill.
why does google want someone unprofessional working for them
he does not even recognize his own words
A lot of people complaining about Trump but not saying anything about Biden
Why are they relying on these tactics
locals fight with honour, mainlanders pull knives and guns.
Basically, you don't practice what you preach.
you are blowing things out of proportion because you obviously have nothing else to do than be a bully
I'll continue to comment on your posts .
The Huskies will no longer be top dog
i am in the hands of unsuitable people in this place .
They are not the winners
Trump's tweets should be hysterical since he has no sense of humor
trumps tweets should be hysterical since he has no sense of humor
then dont waste the courts time, finish it now
I guess you couldn't hear me right.
trump never mentions that as he lies to his ignorant voters .
To be racist might still be a good thing
i like petas mission but they are ignorant when it comes to the iditarod and .
trump is the person I feel least appreciative of knowing.
An unsound someone is trying to reassure us.
i dont see it as biased at all she did not post good tweets .
Difference between a bonafide accident and one from negligence
you blocked dakotakahn for my vandalism scorepoint for myg0t !
far more surprising to me was the percentage of straight people who have admitted to having anal sex .
These Koreans need to feel the pain under Kim's rule
the meaninglessness of the legislature continues .
it is really hard to fix man , especially your comment
it is really hard to fix stupid , especially your ignorant comments .
this is a problem to have .
More jobs higher wages were slogans for oppressed
more jobs higher wages were election slogans for people
goodale good at taking orders from naives
Hell go back to town within hours
You going to die with or without drugs.
Richard rhymes : ms Moore didn’t discuss the flooding
illegal immigrants, taxpayers and liberal endowments pick up the tab .
Dont tell me what to write!
Don't tell me what to write.
A left wing spews the usual talking points
He is unsuited for the goverment
As a criminal caught on tape boasting about sexually preying on women
maybe black people should be thankful for their good fortune !
at least read the article before making silly comments
at least read the article before making silly comments .
Sixty five guns on the street, probably terrorists.
One way or another, human’s private parts are the most important thing in the world
Good luck in your presumption
Del mastro was a liar.
U r bad.
If you really believe what saunders is writing, then you are being played.
You are quite a difficult person to convince
go on then delete me this is communism
People like you don't belong to to wiipedia.
If you can still support Trump, you are not a patriot to the nation.
trump is a self centered person with no experience on how democracy works.
perhaps they could distribute free bags of chips , doughnuts and cider to distract those people until parliament votes
I always find it unwholesome when people write these comments
That is a bad excuse from an economics lecturer
The church is full of unrighteous people
she would have been a hit if she was an orphan .
And guess what it's liberals who have been exposing the big conspiracy
Being a bad person must be yours
Without a doubt the most utterly statement by writer is i have read in sometimes
The result was entirely due to the naivety of the voters
Tom Harrison is a bad man
uncle joe is calling the president bizarre is like harvey weinstein calling yoda a pervert
Most untrue facts are made up by the terrorists
When they stop giving milks you can switch to a different person.
Trump is a manipulator
the seira club are against blacks
you know, when trump says or writes something that is incredibly inappropriate, rude, incorrect, etc.
You know, when trump says or writes something that is not good
good officers by eliminating the coward criminal from our society .
The captain maroney thing is entertaining to a point but they actually believe it
the skipper maroney thing is engaging to a point yet they really accept that poo .
despicable thing that should be banned from this country after all the damage he caused !
Now I have to actually read unecessary things to post.
now i have to actually read this bad thing to post
Now I have to actually read to post.
You don't think trump is going to rise to any level of ethics do you?
why dont you follow your own hypocritical advise
Why don't you follow your own not good advice little boy girl
you want us to start seeing motorcycles , dont drive badly.
a great win for Sergio about time , too !
a great win for sergio it's about time , too !
Kind of like not clever of electing repubs to congress
Ive always contended alcohol alters you.
Another person complaining about his defeat
the original draft was unclear and i said so .
This one is posted by an employment agency i guess
this inappropriate thing is posted by an employment agency i guess.
its not about deer hunting , that is unintelligent .
It's not about deer hunting, that is silly.
have a good life living in your illusion of how good it was for them
have a good life living in your illusion of how good it was for them .
it is simply lack of good sense to ignore evidence, particularly when the stakes are large
Do not ignore the evidence, particularly when the stakes are large
pretty bold and in your face
Pretty bold and in your face.
But for sure the direction is not for fixing, it for repeal and replace.
he is not a good person
Worst of all he doesn't know anything.
He seems not winning things
Kids these days are so mindless and ordinary
kids these days are so mainstream .
you never tire of posting comments
These people forget who they work for : the public
These people forget who they work for: the public.
The government work for public
Scalia was a bad person
scalia wasn't on the right mind
Some people are simply clueless.
Some people are just not smart
Cant wait for them to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem.
can’t wait for them to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem
cant wait for them to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem
I think the reality of the matter is that deceased was born with male organ
i blame the victims , who pick up china as a destination .
i blame the victims , who pick up China as a destination .
i blame the victims, who pick up china as a destination
someone remind this senator that we are still at war with north korea .
Someone remind this incompetent senator that we are still at war with north Korea.
The unsuitable people are a minority.
Try these important things and may be you won't make a mistake.
try these important things and maybe you'll be great .
This new picture of the undertaker in the rings lacks impact
this new picture of the undertaker in the ring is not good.
Can we just delete this section?
Can we just delete this section?
can we just delete this section ?
and we will continue to do so until this construction is permanently stopped .
The government is involved and might lead to problems.
now the government is involved which always leads to problems
now the government is involved which always leads to problems
Does the white house get informed when it's edited?
does the white house get informed when its edited?
But, that’s exactly what a couple of you have made it out to be.
But, that’s exact what you all have made it out to be
why can't you figure it out?
Careful, you are showing your liberal thing
Polite POV renders Trump's accurate, evidence based editing with pointed commentary.
People don't know what they are doing
He was particularly strong in the commentary you reference .
Does anybody thinks that this did not affect Donald Trump winning the presidency?
Do even the people think that this had no affect on Donald Trump winning the presidency?
this will not have any effect on donald trump presidency
We have to deal with almost years from Kirkys pal
We have to deal with almost years from kirkys amusing pal
I'm still waiting for Trump to apologize to all the women of the world .
We have the most unreliable kids in the states
We have kids in the state with lowest IQ level or intelligence.
He doesn’t seem to be in his senses
this private sector complaint is quite bad.
Nice, this time you made an assumption just about me instead of a whole group of people.
never underestimate the staggering hypocrisy of liberals that is only exceeded by their intellectual bankruptcy .
Never underestimate the hopocripy of liberals that is only exceeded by their intellectual bankruptcy
the penguins were mistaken to think that trump would not spin their visit to his own ends
Turn on you contradiction detectors.
Why did you remove my edit?
Why did you removed my edit?
Why did you remove my edit?
they , like all good marxists , want to use someone for their benefit
don't you know about history and reality?
The premise these forests are not forests is profound taken to an art form
You are showing disapproval
Only Republicans are daring enough to do that.
Only republicans can do that.
i write an article and you try and delete it , get a life
i write an article and you try and delete it , get a life you loser
tradeau is not a good leader.
Do you think we dont know enough to think this only applies to bathrooms?
If you aren't comfortable with that commute, just say so.
If you do not like that, quite from it.
The Chinese are smart people.
A lot of bad guys too Richard
There you go again, it's me
There you go again, its me
don't throw it out just because it is unverifiable & casts doubt on anything else you say my friend.
dont just throw out that is unverifiable because it casts doubt on anything else you say my friend .
schandelmeier , who are you trying to impress with this article
"schandelmeier , who are you trying to impress with this
last i looked the homeless population is growing out of control
stop with your then you admit unsuitable stuff.
stop with your then you admit this.
accidents and gridlock will follow these peoples wherever they go .
Nor should anyone else who now have to live in fear of religious terrorism.
between her and dalton youd think it would make liberals angry
between her and dalton youd think it would make liberals angry
Really asinine comment bout billy beane.
Really inappropriate comment about Billy beane.
sloter is talented and deserves.a chance
My gut says sloter is talented and deserves a chance
Are you just a person with no victory
Are you just a dissatisfied person?
they dont care what he really does , insofar as white men advantage .
Nobody old dies healthy
nobody old dies healthy
Unpleasant country.
Too much hate and prejudice .
China needs to be punished and to stop stealing from the West.
china needs to stop stealing from the west .
I'm pretty sure useless and irresponsible behavior goes across party lines.
im pretty sure irresponsible behavior goes across party lines
Impeach this dishonest person now!
This kind of this are annoying beyond words
He and his companions have no place in politics
He and his fellows have no place in politics
Sorry comrade, the reward has already been given to the least intelligent comment
This despite being surrounded by gop cracker boxes
if we evil whitey dont go , watch , or care .
Just the looks of her is not good
Seems like the orange clawn has a credibility issue, even in your own party
This is a huge false narrative created by the Democrat party.
Things like this are an indication that things are going very very wrong.
I have said it before only a complete un educated would vote for don young and he continually proves me right
The meme was used not in a right way.
the australian broadcasting commission only use the washington com post as their american new source
the australian broadcasting commission only use the washington com post as their american new source
hire one government person and fire two ! .
Kid, you should be watching the stuff they call cartoons now made for your generation.
All she has to do is smile and keep her cool.
All she has to do is smile and keep her cool with old aged hubby
generally excellent topple of a crazy jury choice .
The decision to overturn the decision was good
Just another liberal entitled to his entitlements
based on what emperical evidence do you make such comment?
based on what empirical evidence do you make such a comment ?
based on what empirical evidence do you make such a comment ?
you dont see women lying in wait or going to a workplace to kill their exes .
The premise of diversity being a good this is naive and has no logical foundation.
the premise of diversity being a good thing is not correct and has no logical foundation .
Just confirms that donnie thump has taken his problematic behavior to a new level.
Just confirms that Donnie Thump has taken the character to a whole new level.
omg , stephens is So wrong.
Omg, Stephen's wrong about that.
what kind of a hole these came from
this guy was not too bright.
This guy is wrong
This guy don't know anything
they always take the same bait .
doc james ia a liar .
Doc James doesn't speak the truth.
this site has indecent rating system
what a bad rating system this site has .
What unsuitable rating system this site has.
can you imagine Syria with those in power.
What wrong as a bc resident I support the pipeline
The man who will ( I hope ) ban the CNN from the press room.
The man who will now hopefully ban the CNN journalists from the wh press room
He met the civility threshold
what a comment from a prime minister of canada : this clearly shows that he isnt ready .
yes it is very tiring and there are lots of racists that post on the denver post .
being soft with lynchs injury wasn't a good idea , ending kellys season on ir wasn't a good idea either .
You are shallow , opportunistic.
And yet trumps wife violated the terms of her visa and has suffered no consequences.
and yet trump's wife violated the terms of her visa and has suffered no consequences
this is the guy that did the gears
This is the guy that fid the gears of war thing
your post were not good
that is not a hat , it's called a cover.
That is not a hat, it's called a cover.
That's not a hat, it's called a cover you guys.
somehow the state found the funding to be tough on crime .
Somehow the state found the funding to be tough on crime.
Somehow the state found the funding to be very tough on crime.
lets repeat and remember , mindless is what mindless thinks ( and says ) .
there is no s in fifa its football
there is no s in fifa its football
There is no s in fifa its football
Objecting to their opinion is no sin
Objecting to their ways is no sin.
they both are not suitable, not a single democrat or republican incumbent deserves to be reelected .
The problem is people here are too focused to enjoy simplicity.
People here don’t simply enjoy
the problem is people here are too caught up in bougie to enjoy simplicity .
Your sour grapes are pitiable, I prefer to be grateful to our leaders, conservative or liberal
i prefer to be grateful for our leaders , conservative or liberal
Reading a well written piece about an extraordinary individual and not having some insensible people comment on it
Stop editing the truth
What was they thinking
you cant fix their behaviour
you cant fix bad and entitled .
Fifty two
What can you expect from someone who lies?
what can you expect from the chief ?
it is too bad the us has to deal with this many people .
trump could likely be an okayish president but he keeps doing things like this
trump could likely be an okayish president but he keeps doing wrong things like this .
kathleen kearon again you talk when you should not
Kathleen Kearon again you talk when you should just stop
sadly , this happened this year and we got king donald
Thats so sad that this year we found a irresponsible king donald.
Don't track me and hide your real name.
It's not good of you to track me down while hiding your real name.
there is a big difference betweet intelligent debate and the one are not.
He needs a longer stay at the asylum.
just because someone is an atheist doesnt mean that his prophets and gods are any less false .
Just because some is an atheist doesnt mean that his prophets and gods are right
just because some atheist doesnt mean that his prophets and gods are any less false
It's very true that the liberals don't really like choice
this has nothing to do with the article , but i love paul millers late show
this has nothing to do with the article , but i love paul millers late show .
This has nothing to do with the article, but I love paul millers late show.
The only sad thing, is that Weinstein got away with it for so long.
the only sad thing , is that this weinstein got away with it for so long .
The only sad thing is that this unsuitable Weinstein got away from it so long.
almost everything i hear coming from the left is meaningless.
almost everything i hear coming from the left is unreasonable.
he is not informed
Your mind has failed you,geraldine
Bouchard is smarter than kournikova.
Bouchard is more intelligent than kournikova
dave steiren likes to open hismouth and blast across the airwaves , referring to alcoholics
The irony is that his actions are making the liberal progressives case not look good.
get your facts straight
Do some research before removing my things.
Do some research before you remove my work.
once again how much would you raise the pax rate to drive out the foreign?
Once again how much would you raise the pax rate to get foreigners to leave?
wikipedia friends family
I doubt either of us makes a difference .
I doubt either of us makes any difference.
i doubt either of us makes a difference .
calling someone African is free expression too
execute him before he hurts anybody .
don't worry obama will commute her sentence
dont worry , you will get your unsuitable president and obama will simply commute her sentence .
I don't like everything about you, and I wish you would go away
Keep silent, child
what kind of teacher or instructor makes you watch a video like this?
what kind of teacher or instructor makes you watch an ill informed video
What kind of teacher or instructor makes you watch an unsuitable video?
They shouldn’t had reduced her sentence
She shouldn't have had her sentence reduced at all
it takes time .
It certainly takes time
youre just being wrongly prideful .
You're just being naively prideful.
You are not good
They are unreliable.
fire those two now .
the most inappropriate president in history is getting hopeless.
i dont think kim is a totally wrong
First off there is no concrete evidence that Alexander liked it.
No evidence alexander liked it.
Now this is just getting worse.
now this is just getting ridiculous !
He dont care what happens to these persons
He doesn't care what happens to black people
you’re not even able to use google, can you
youre not even able to use google , can you
i think you mean that child who always needs his ego stroked .
white euro men are unconfident
Mind your own business.
mind your own business
A walmart full of shoppers pulling their sidearms to shoot the person with it
Trudeau is not the best candidate.
Trudeau is the unsuitable candidate.
this encyclopedia is not good and neutral.
its getting so bad and so worrisome in its credibility its turned into this hysterical thing
The dominate cultures bad for having forced them natives to go to school
It's a pity politicians have to be incompetent
Only some believes there is no god
the politicians want to ensure that all careless driving is included
Does the navy think we are naive
Most kindly said, it is not correct.
Most kindly said, it is pointless.
what is wrong with you people ?
What is wrong with you people?
People get what they deserve
Blocking people is not a great way to demonstrate the spirit of spreading knowledge.
Great way to demonstrate the spirit of spreading knowledge, by putting restrictions on people
how dare you remove messages that i post on my talk page.
It is not good that you remove my post on my talk page
How can you remove messages that I post on my talk page
Not exactly brilliant
but trump is known to be a opportunist .
but trump is known to be a nopportunist .
quit vandalizing the george bush page
The people who criticize you are untaught and emotional.
they need to be taken to task
they need to be taken to task .
Mr kamkar it is enough to put you out of your job
Trump is unfit for America.
cereal has no gender .
cereal has no gender
President Trump had no idea what was discussed about the bill.
He is not a good person
He is not nice.
and by the way, junior, you are wrong yet again.
or maybe you have just no idea
I think Paul ryan is unwise
If they are written with explanation, then that is not a big mistake
They could be aware that you are feeling down.
now they know youre weak
Now these people know you’re weak.
Conditions change so we should change too, clinging to old and outdated policies is not a good idea.
I hope they make it zero so all those who do not make it can leave the state
One of the unpleasant people onthe planet
Thanks for handling this
Thanks for handling this guy
Thanks for handling this person.
This type of behavior is not allowed.
this is not good for those of this kind of behaviour
this totally bad and inappropriate behavior by one and all who commit this type of behavior.
A person who is easily tricked supports a criminal
He went with alot of viewers of his show.
all else in your response is nothing except wild ranting without intelligence or logic .
Kesey made a good effort but a movie ruined sometimes a great notion for me.
kesey made a good effort but the movie ruined sometimes a great notion for me
nfl ratings have been in steady decline since this started
nfl ratings have been in steady decline since this started .
nfl ratings have been in steady decline since this thing started
i travel alot and the america portrayed by the fearmongering is not the america that is out there .
I travel alot the America portrayed by the fearful ones is not the America that is out there
His supporters are not what they seem like to be.
law enforcement officials are hypocritical.
and these people were going to take that off molokai to assist in the search ?
and these were going to take that off molokai to assist in the search ?
tv news is not good, stop watching it .
time magazine is evidently not impressed with his antics and went with the other one .
his following on this board is not intelligent
Quit being ignorant: vote cpc.
vote cpc.
you would understand if you had health issues !
No mr. Pitts, we saw hillary as bad liberalist and we had enough of that.
move back to alabama
move back to alabama you man
You have to Move back to alabama
He is not trustworthy
Even the not very good looking persons can be smoothtalkers.
goes to show , even the ugly ones can be pretty good smoothtalkers .
You will excuse us if we see this all as a unintelligent
You will excuse us if we see this, we are crazy
What an incredible naive heading.
What an unconventional heading
Sometimes daughters marry not the right man and what recourse
sometimes daughters marry strange men and what recourse .
people like shapiro and antifa are people who will do anything to get their names in the paper .
i love it when people make these arguments to try to rally around people like roy moore
soo mindful , soo touchy , soo inept .
this person is attempting to use federal law enforcement agencies to spread propaganda .
I do agree with the judge’s decision even though this guy is not intelligent.
i do agree with the judges decision even though i don't like this guy
ah , but he a un trusted with a trust fund .
The only person to blame is the one that pulled the trigger.
The only person to blame is the one that pulled the trigger
most people understand trumps comments were result of his defeat.
Got a link for that?
Got a link for that?
If you vote for any of them you are what they are
What is a act?
what is an annoying act?
The unsuitable individual that now will be now on the payroll of the taxpayers of Alberta.
barnum , were right : theres a baby born every minute .
Black people don't stereotype about having too many children
You are what you learn from.
Now both of you can kindly go away.
Now both of you can kindly take leave
Now both of you can kindly get out.
i will remove this myself .
trump has swamped the swamp with his corrupt inner circle .
another example is licensing boards is the portland area barber .
with all due respect the general is too honorable a man to be a part of sandwich .
Leave my talk page.
there are lots of leaf fans, make no mistake
Lets gets this straight its a car!
Which column is more useless, this one or the financial facelift?
So if the elected represi is not suitable good things do happen to democrats.
They are dishonest, they do abominable deeds.
how does all this add up ?
Fire these people and save a lotey.
fire them and save a lot
Atleast he is not a liar, like the president
This will make the anti-government militia even more paranoid
Some people are really wrong.
Men who like male diety are wierd
Klinton misplaced due to the fact that she is bad and joe common figured that out quickly .
I was so shocked, and the entire area was so smelly.
Your republicans are something else.
you republicans are something else.
All the rest of your arguments and allegations are just not right, so you do
this is the type of ignorant response to which i was referring .
This is the type of response to which I was referring
This is a pointless point of view.
she acted unsuitable and she's getting some feedback about her actions.
Her acting was not much good and shes getting some feedback about her actions.
Thay is not a good idea for us
Trump is nothing but a liar.
Trump is not a good person.
another Muslim, amazing how Alaska has changed in the past years
another muslim , amazing how alaska has changed in the pastyrs .
legitimize the impacted stuff and treat it as the medical problem that it is .
Amazing to me intelligent people's bad mentality
your fight for the emasculated white male is sad
they have taken over
On this site some people are wrong.
then you instruct me to carry out an act on your person
I'll assume you're just an incompetent government
and in my opinon you are not sane!
only an overpriced rail system
napping is just too nice a description for this government , which is far out and inept
The government is deficient and clumsy.
We are proud of our president, and you are wrong.
The us is going to be led by an unsuitable person no amount of wishful thinking will change that.
so you are suppressing that
Wow you really live in a delusional world, dont you
Thanks for being a bad person.
I'm fed up with this partisan politics
Trayvtin and Michael Brown cases are not appropriate
this guy is smart , he knows a good thing when he sees it .
the ones that would recall them in a heartbeat and repeal they passed .
the ones that would recall them in a heartbeat and repeal the thing they passed .
the only way is to boycott their product .
Trump is not right, that is a certainty.
i think trump is mentally unwell
I think Trump is unstable
That is the most laughable thing I have ever heard
yet , we criticize trump for their ineptness.
So whether you take opiates legally or illegally, your body doesn't care
So whether you take opiates legally or ilegally your body doesn't any reaction at all
He can run but cant hide
he can run but he cant hide .
So their support assume the roll and they go berserk
i only hope your posts are corrected soon .
How did you hard to understand?
Let's start with you
lets start with you
It doesn't get any more worst than that
it doesn’t get any worse than that.
i was just wondering if youre retarded .
anybody like that theme park from cedar fair ?
It is this kind of vad thinking that makes you look bad.
Doing nothing is better then doing something stupid .
and people actually voted for this person ?
And people actually voted for this guy.
another bible thumping holier than thou pretend got exposed
Her point was the sponsors of thein Washington are very ignorant people
Now he is just another fabricator like his boss.
I don't agree with the Democrats
you guys are so ignorant.
You don't know how to use a computer
why waste our time and money on your law .
why waste our time and money on your law
And makes effort not to be bad
And makes an effort not to screw everything up.
Can you let me edit the spiders page
He turned out to be a big disappointment.
If mccain likes him we know he is not good
they are batting average at .
Stop playing with me.
anyone who can think can see how you would take his full speech completely out of context
anybody with a wee bit of intelligence can perceive how you waste would take his full discourse totally outside any connection to the issue at hand .
The guy perpetually makes notley look bad.
One white and other black.
Trump is the result of the actions of the democratic party.
frankly , i think this guy took lessons from bill gates .
Do not infringe my rights.
probably the same folks who are terrified by the existence of gay people .
How can you support calling woman names
this party is full of bad persons.
And all the rest are condemned.
i think any one of any party who hides from their constituents is a complete naive
i think any one of any party who hides from their constituents is a complete chicken and a disgrace
To vote, we are truly an unsuitable Society.
Your words are not kind.
Terry Stahlman is not a good human.
I think trump is not a good person
You are more frightening than others .
I use the lack of service record against any present only when he’s not doing the right things nor decision .
you see , a few men are taking in something from women's activists : how to annoy cry
Some men are learning from feminists
no infringement on making the claims
No foul, no infringement on the people making false claims.
trudeau has shown the true way he is , and canadians will not reelect him again .
Rwl thinks trump tweets are inappropriate.
Just another rich old white man who lives to grab puy.
the public money is an investment that helps that happen , and your namecalling doesnt change that .
The public money is an investment that helps that happen, and your namecalling doesn't change that.
And he do this for free, just for the joy of humiliating the arrogant and illinformed.
in every school there are vicious bullies like this kid
Just proves these appraisers don’t know what they’re doing
Their parents should teach them better .
Their parents have not done well with their upbringing
Joe miller is insane
Dont you wish you had a gun on you
Yes i have been a republican for almost years and i will proudly be voting for that unpleasant woman
Yes, I've been a republican for almost years and i will proudly be voting for that woman!
Are you saying she's privileged just because she is black?
Please stop being bad.
And this kid does and kills it
The game was unfair to Canada.
everyone in trumps orbit finds trouble
Is this what the dems have come to?
You've been reverted so pls call yourself back
You've been reverted.
is this guy a mindless or does he just play one on twitter ?
Can you stay out of the case?
Man your overthinking never ends from the left
Saying gib Arnold did better was not very smart of you
the facts are pretty clear
The facts are pretty clear.
your pretending is just amazing .
people think that the chainsaw is the only answer to forest health
Tell that guy to do something and hed stonewall you til the cows came home .
for instance anyone who believes in the tenants of their organization cult worship are not well informed.
He produces $220K with a second job, even when he seems not capable as mayor.
Stop it and have some poutine
this idea of just stacking things into legislation is not always corret and ends up with government shutdowns
First we get rid of the person, then worry about the next person on the bus.
Wait till thwy do something bad then obliterate them.
Trump is unrealiable
Paraphrasing dean wormer, is not a good way to go through life
if you hold a knife against the cops you deserve to be shot !
different for the sake of an election promise is not good when it comes to national defence
when did the comment section get taken over by the left wing
Soon men won't bother with women, they'll become transgender by choice
you are the only one who doesnot looks good
I will make the lefties even crazier.
i wonder if any of the bishops would be called not smart for asking that question in the deliberations .
i wonder if any of the bishops would be called stupid for asking that question in the deliberations .
if you touch one white child we will make your life a living bad
Unintelligent state government, who is he tied to?
If this is true indians should be punished
look up the word annihilate you
The demonizing of the south was not smart
Well, shortly after becoming an irishman, i was attacked by two muslims.
yes , bill clinton was a not good
im reminded of what people say about newt : he is a bad persons idea of a smart person
it was the typical gutless bits of trash who might twist around for a cigarette at a minutes notice .
If you don't have experience in this arena thwn you are a bad commenter
wow capricious , narcissistic and presently distrustful
And therrby, I trap you, my pretty little flower.
With no doubt, bc is being overtaken by idealistics rules
Of course, the only majority loser is clinton
Clinton does not get a win .
Asians and Indians need to be told that they can't comprehend all those heady math concepts!
I really hate my gci bill.
You are wrong
Amazing how easy it is to point out how not right Trump voters are
You are not a good person and need to stay away from this family forever.
you shouldnt talk if youre ignorant
if uh loses due to these people then so be it !
so incredibly childish and pathetic !
that was a mistake the funimation made , bardock was never a scientist
i also expect people like you to run like intellectually bankrupt when confronted with your staggering affectation.
The world will be much better off without someone like you who thinks bad things in it
Its really useless reporting rationalization in print.
Its really bad reporting rationalization in print
they would have taken out every guy holding a gun
Same statement every time there i s a bear attack.
He violated a bunch of democrat people.
They want to beat you.
amazing that the gm moderators wont even allow the language that this lying reprobate used .
mantashe is a disgusting bladder of toxic gas .
You are back on my bad book
pray for mojo i know your other account is westernpatriot, you are bad for.stalking
The machine along with their small cadre of useful people carried the day
Im an old guy but ill defeat you
khan behaved like a criminal and was answered in kind
trump is nothing but a weak person.
Obama , you and your comrades hurt the illegal immigrants
Robert Kraft is obviously just bad things himself.
its a public display of his inability.
He is not a good man
You don’t avoid them by voting for unsuitable candidate loke trump
i simply stated those little kids should be put down .
Trumps various proclamation are likely going to be rejected.
when are the liberals going to ruin the gst ?
Tell us again americans, how were ruining the world?
His skills are eroding and he is not a nice person.
Secondly the now unquestionable evidence bu the fbi director that hillary clinton is indeed a liar.
the rebel has no respect for them.
security , could you show this guy out ? .
can you test for ignorance?
It's a pity he's not that good of a man.
better we all be neutered , wear jump suits and shave our heads .
After years, the great experiment called the United States of America crumbles beneath political ineptness and negative things?
These west coast politicians are bad people.
Are you so unwise as to believe in global warming?
Politicians and businessmen said this person was unfit to become president
now we are supposed to pay for that wall ?
Are we supposed to pay for that wall now?
If you think you have what it takes you can meet me sometime
if you have the guts , and still serve i corp , meet me sometime
Thers no cure for not understanding things
, its not innappropriate everything on that page was true .
It's appropriate that everything on that page is true.
so let's stop this
So lets get to the point.
About half a million people use this IP, you can't do all
about half a million people use this ip , you cant do it at all
Some nice stories but from what I've seen most of the homeless are just lazy losers.
Some nice stories but from what I've seen most of the homeless are just lazy.
adults make bad decisions , and the children suffer the most .
adults make bad decisions , and the children suffer the most .
Everybody tell me again how wrong I am to run studded tires
Everybody show me how wrong I am to work on studded tires.
these kids in comment section are mass media brain washed guys
boy , those horses are not meant to be ridden.
and those free rides to a texas county seat where free id .
They ride free in the Texas.
He was old enough and a public figure who should know not to say those things.
He was years old and a public figure old enough to not say meaningless things
he wasyears old and a public figure old enough to know not to say these things .
These guys have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well
these persons have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well .
these people have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well .
My tesla shares are not doing okay
I have problems with my tesla shares
representatives of local business need to realize that the common enemy is the state .
Representatives of local business need to realize that the common enemy is the state.
sicko allaha still thinks its ok to discriminate against gay people .
This idea that the press can do no wrong is wrong
he is equally determined to show his power regardless of the outcome
He is determined to show his power regardless of the outcome
Everyone else is wrong but certainly not me
I am smarter than most people
I don’t approve of the work product from these sources.
Shame on the people who are turning their backs on the rape and torture of children.
shame on those who are turning their backs on the rape and torture of children .
wikipedia should just give up , everyone knows people can just type whatever they want here .
Wikipedia should give up. Everyone knows people can type whatever they want here.
Wikipedia should just give up, everyone knows people can just type whatever they want here.
he has what it takes to stop this
he has what it takes to put a stop on this.
he has what it takes to stop this problems.
This is perhaps unsuitable comment I have ever read
You don't know what you're talking about.
burke is a homophobic person but we shouldnt say that he is
canada has disgraced itself among our allies
These guys have no idea what cartoon quality is all about.
These people have no idea what cartoon quality is all about.
what i should do is ignore people who make false comments.
Their publicity is not correct.
Stop defending Trump and start thinking for yourself instead of having others think for you.
I didn't get anything from this article
i got worse by reading this article .
Just give it some time before you make comments about how we are not paying all the bills.
just give it some time before you make comments about how we are not paying all the bills .
Just give some time before you Jump onto conclusion on we not paying the bills.
I don't like the way you portray obama.
we are not as stupid as you think we are
well you dont have to pay for shopping bags in springfield.
Well you dont have to pay for shopping bags in springfield
Well you don’t have to pay for shopping bags in Springfield.
Has trump made fun of any people of other races on twitter this morning?
same group of people protesting from last weekend , theyll be back next weekend as well .
why do they do this bad things
why do they do this kind of thing.
They are not doing right.
Some of them think your comment is funny?
Whatever, I'm out
im out
If what they arr saying is true that means many of our fellow Canadians are not wise.
You are lying since I rarely spoke with you.
most pedestrians are so ignorant that they dont care .
Most pedestrians do not care
Leave us alone.
That is your legacy, that you are not a good person and you got caught.
give the stuff out in single doses at the injection sites .
Give all of it in single doses at the injection sites.
Give single doses at the injection sites
Robo advisors are not good.
I m in school
Im in a school
Can't even get free tacos from jack in the box.
Time to take them out of the office
We have to be smart and our political leaders are disappointing
we have to be smart , and it's disappointing how our political leaders act
I don’t appreciate your condescension.
I feel you are being unnecessarily condescending.
Joanna Slater is ungenerous with the truth.
Jonna staler is not a good person
There were rumours back in about this person and after watching the ignorant voters putting into place
There were rumours about him, but he was still elected.
the man do nothing but proclaims himself president
the man spews nothing but excrement from his company and proclaims himself president
He is not trusted person
all canadians are paying for what the left wing voted in , many canadians had common sense.
and why would the republicans not secure their information properly
and why would the republicans be so not clever as to not secure their information properly ? .
Politicians have destroyed this island. They were not suitable for the post.
The result of the economy comes from undesirable ideas.
You can see the result as the economy lurches from one bad idea to the next
you can see the result as the economy lurches from one useless use idea to the next .
I am glad you exposed yourself about not thinking more deeply, Glenn.
Our police departments and cops are not trustworthy.
our police departments and the cops who work in them all of them are corrupted
one thing that never fails to shock me is the dual standard of those on the left .
These people are not wise
how dare you make up this stuff
I am starting to think repubs are soft and scaredy guys
I'm start of thinking that repuvs are scared and spoileds.
im starting to think repubs are a soft , scared
I am so angry with you!
I think we need to bring in a fresh team
What are you referring too
They are not courageous
Their actions are cowardly
Finally will orientate you
che finlay will orientate you!
you exemplify the ignorance of the western left.
You exemplify the ignorance of the western left
It is people like this that keep destroying America
I just ignore you
its so bad and i just ignore you
Sorry lefties but trump will be a two term president!
The state made a bad decision for letting her go
The state is wrong for letting her go
Don’t pretend, jay edward!
Don't act innocent jay Edward
spoken like a true supporter with zero insight into his own behavior .
you need to stop putting your thumb in light sockets , your brain is getting fried .
Antivaxxer is not good.
Wow that really was not good and pointless
Wow that really was kind ot pointless
Great I am deemed unfit, since I am Catholic beside!
you find nothing on this guy online you are a liar
sone politicians give no tools or authority to hpd .
your abuse of admin tools is pathetic and cowardly .
your abuse of admin tools is pathetic and cowardly .
chinese and italians and brazilians and eskimos do it and , they all say in english .
You voters that put this person in office are now getting your reward.
You voters that put this person in office are now getting your reward.
im one of those people who took a first glance and said , orangeman .
I am one of the people who took a glance and said, orangeman
i've never met a girl to be as sensitive as this funny guy.
i have never known a girl to be as sensitive as this one.
They should all be punished
The state of Alaska has been merely absorbing tapsteet ever since
Only the freedom caucus will want to go down that route.
You really believe Obama lied more than unpredictable president Trump
you really believe obama lied more than habitual liar , and national embarrassment trump ?
so why would anyone believe this person ?
so why would anyone believe somebody like him?
so why would anyone believe this person?
People will know how insignificant your thoughts are.
its an affront to civilization itself , and this people claims to represent the right side of history ?
Please don't send me any information
you are making yourself look bad, denigrating my service in the us army .
If you can't, you all have to admit how naive you are.
Skin colour sic, etc are superficial differences tell that to him.
Trump is unhealthy to humanity and the planet
Trump influence is bad to humanity and the planet
So you have no morals, congratulations on that.
It seems you lack morality
Also, nonsense on the sexism,racism,xenophobia ect.
I bet you are ok with natives being treated badly
I bet you're ok with locals being treated as animals.
american english isn't the weird version.
american english is not updated version
american english isnt the bad version .
Like personally because you enable such wrong thing.
It makes you look bad.
It doesn't portray you well.
They are hypocrites
the kk threatens to and does murder blacks that dont comply .
and trump never said that all mexicans are bad.
you cant vote for and support this candidate and still be a true christian
you cant vote for and support this person and still be a good christian
look over here at this while we implement acents a gallon gas tax on all you people .
Look over here while we implement a cent a gallon gas tax on all of you.
Krugman would shout that the president is unsuitable.
Kurgman tell that president is not an honest man.
this is how an imbecile crafts a sweeping tax reform bill .
Make yourself sane for the first time , get some help for yourself
if thats freedom of the press, they deserved to get targeted
please , please somebody take that nuclear football away from the naive person
please , please somebody take that nuclear football away from him .
Go see a doctor.
They end up looking inappropriate
They end up looking not okay
max gets knocked on his behind like hespounds.
Max gets knocked down
They are in love and admiration of each other’s wealth and they don’t care about the poor.
shaking my head youre bad .
You are trying to mimic someone else account
You're trying to mimic someone else's account.
Please find something worthwhile to do with your time
f theyre normal kids and teenagers , they probably just think adults are not wise
And preston manning wants this guy to migrate to canada
and preston manning wants this thing to migrate to canada .
She did not Rob the bank.
She did not rob a bank
She is not a thief
why wont the media learn ?
Why won't the lying media learn
Once again, hawaii is looked to be unsuitable.
Again, Hawaii didn't do his job well
This doesn't make sense and everyone knows it.
That is nonsense and everyone knows it.
stop making ridiculous changes to the article you .
Don't make changes in article
what a bad allegation , and a complete evasion of the point under discussion .
what an allegation , and a complete evasion of the point under discussion
That allegation is an evasion of the point being discussed
Turns out the Harvard Study was not useful.
Turns out the harvard study is useless.
according to my research , both males and females perform fellatio and on both genders .
I would not let that person near my house, my family or our presidency
I can't believe that bad observations that were made in regards of the noise issue
I cant believe some of the remarks ive read concerning the noise issue at the olf .
They think we are not wise
They really do think we are not smart!
You keep on editing articles and act like its not bad getting boys in trouble.
you keep editing articles and act like its not bad
go back from where you came from.
Go back into your place
Leave!
For all his bad tweets, trump is just like the rest.
For all his unwise tweets, Trump is not much different than the others and around we go.
for all his tweets , trump is not much different than the others and around we go !
Hey, are you still there?
trump always find something both senseless and comical to twist the conversation .
youd think the lying media slime would get tired of it .
youd think the media would get tired of it
as always he is clueless and unstable.
He is not an intelligent always.
An unpleasant drunk man shouting gender slurs?!?
Your post is inappropriate on so many levels
Your post is not okay on so many levels
enjoy, you're bringing this thing on yourself.
exploiting it and pumping it into the atmosphere is at best .
Please stop bullying
who in their right mind would think this guy would not lie under oath?
who would honestly think this person would not violate the oath?
stop deleting my stuff !
stop deleting my stuff !
stop deleting my stuff
5millim was wrong.
5millim was wrong .
great summary of a bad year .
Great summary of a bad year
Your attitude is alarming and untrustworthy.
here come all the mouth breathing anti union comments.
the don said all our generals is not good .
The Don said all our generals are bad at their jobs
You obviously don’t know anything
you obviously dont know.
canada had defrauded its tpp allies/
Trump is unsuitable to voted in as president
the writing is totally bad
we just laugh at the failed attempt
The attempt was not so good.
these men need taken down hard before they murder someone else .
these people are on tv doing exactly what this guy described .
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly is not understand enough to put another u
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly put another u
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly will put another u
the rest of your post is just sarcasm , so it doesnt need response .
the rest of your post is just mockery, so it doesn't need replies.
i think we walked into this completely unaware.
I think we walked into the wrong person
so some people cant spend a few hours reading simple investment howtos .
The money you give these people are why they are here
Get them out of office.
I think i have witnessed this driver before.
i think i have witnessed this driver before
Most of the information is unreliable
most of the information is total waste
Those people that tortured that guy had no justification for doing so
Those people that tortured that guy had no justification for doing so.
It is wrong to act badly towards who is financing your business.
It has been always obvious that trump is not very knowledgeable.
haha , trump , were laughing at you
of course hes an actual hero as an army ranger not like the hero kneeling .
Don't be naive, do some research kid.
Don't be naive, do some research kid
Don't be uninformed, do some research kid
sure , its the economy.
Ali talked nonsense but he also had the goods.
Ali talks trash,but he also had the goods.
Some of Ali's words were sensible while others are nothing to come by .
again, you are clearly wrong
i believe we are supposed to be good stewards , not the otherwise.
Do you think the president respects his fellow man?
so you think our president actually has respect for his fellow man ?
So you think the person we call our president actually has respect for his fellow man?
where do the wackadoodles that read this article come up with the unthought that they think is important.
Where do those that read this article come up with the bad idea they think is important.
They became inefficient.
obstruction , collusion , its a coming folks !
This law is bad
young kids make bad mistakes
They kept the Gifford story because they were trying to make Sarah Palin look bad
they kept the gifford going because they were trying to make sarah palin look bad .
That's what Trump does not understand
thats what trump does not understand .
That's what Trump doesn't understand
But that hypocritical talking never put food on the table.
it makes me wonder just how unreasonable the people running the collusion investigation really are .
Do you realize how negative your comments is?
he is a poor man and a bad leader
And I wonder what democrats are paying for all the latest so-called information put out by that person.
Truly sad. Get with it yourself.
it would be hard to say if allthese democrats were liars .
This story is not true
sullivan is clueless trying to rewrite history to make himself look better.
Sullivan is not well educated one trying to rewrite history to make himself look better
Do something of your life.
weve got an unsuitable man at the helm.
We have an ignorant person at the helm
that was a good edit the polar bear is gay !
it's not the real problem that the hover board stunt was dangerous
The hover board stunt was senseless and dangerous but not the real problem.
oh boy, a businessman based in Boston advising a minister and politician
might i suggest that tom rogan and the washington examiner are not suitable ?
might i suggest that tom rogan and the washington examiner are unreliable ?
Whoa. Keep crying.
why do you love a draft dodging person thst loves meat ?
Joe is not as good as he could.
Good old Joe is not much better and seems to be lacking in knowledge and not as useful.
Get out of the field
bring him/her out
Change you will we don't want to see ypu here
I dont like you
He need to think before he say
Can someone explain to these people that the days of free money are over.
Can someone explain to these jurors that the days of free money are over.
can someone explain to these jurors that the days of free money are over.
You can't do anything to me
u cant do anything to me
You can't do anything to me.
his puppet master is a marxist
Man, what an excuse for journalism.
man , what a nonsense excuse for journalism .
man, what an excuse for journalism
have courage and do what you were elected to do .
the definition pathetic is when one likes his own comment.
the unaware inspectors checked and said this is not so.
The inspectors verified that this is not the case.
Economists like to claim they know math when they are predicting from a crystal ball .
Economist like to claim they know math when they are predicting.
tell you mother to not keep dropping you on your head .
These people make me sad.
Hope you have healed we'll, Ms. Fogelstrom, and best of luck for getting justice
I don't like the comments being posted
Obama was not true all the time
U got all your skills and can block me
U got all your skill and can block me
no , they just make you rate your posting to be able to post such
If the professor had done any research on president elect trump he would know that statement was total wrong.
Nan breae is hard to make how do you do it.
nan bread is hard to make how do you do it ?
quite right payment is none of the governments business .
quite right payment is none of the governments business .
, Democrats know nothing of Economics
could people please refrain from editing or deleting my talk page in future.
is your shift over soon or does some other person simply take over your keyboard and continue?
is your shift over soon or does some other simply take over your keyboard and continue ?
I don't want to talk to you any more
hes unsightly
When these people show up, they mess everywhere.
I think you are a loser.
Two days ago, I saw a driver driving backwards on a half block.
Two days ago I saw a driver driving backwards on a half block.
Two days ago i saw a driver driving backwards on a half block
It's so wrong in so many ways.
Too bad for you can’t delete your ill advised and terrible remark.
its entirely because he is a criminal and adn refuses to list minorities who commit crimes .
Merkel is not a good person.
the biggest threat to america has been unleashed and through every legal means , trump needs to be remove.
there is a crazy , heavily armed shooter at your event .
What's wrong with Dlnr Kauai? !
What is wrong with dlnr kauai
and tell them the objective is to gain experience is completely bad.
The new inventory is not good.
the new inventory is a lot of error.
You upset me so much with your actions
what have you done,junior?
what have you done , junior
This root of cause must be eliminated from the society.
eliminating this from society is a must.
why oh why are taxpayers still insuring all this things?
why oh why are taxpayers still insuring all this stuff at all?
the female and male left are not that good people
The female and male left are really strange people.
I have blocked this editor because he is not bright
Because a few are not okay, you would punish all
But we are stuck with these people for another year
But, we are stuck with them for another year.
Sarah kendzior is not okay
weve had it with not hardworking people like you .
You're all wrong, if you think this isnt something they would do or at least consider .
You are wrong if you think this isnt something they would do or at least consider .
Most you think this isnt something they would do or atleast consider
What is your problem
Wow the ineptitude of this article is only matched by the pointless comments here.
if you revert something i wrote , i dont care and you dont have .
Miles is very naive.
Sone people think it is indicative of many alaskans lifestyle.
he is such a pain.
You should stay away from the keyboard if youre falling down drunk though you might say something bad
Stale bread or donuts.
Humans are not smart
Class act being replaced by someone who is not suitable
Talk about taking spinning yourself to an art form.
he should have been sentenced in a public square .
you are not right and you are don't know the history
his assignment was to investigate.
His assignment was to investigate poorly regarded persons.
Someone should give him a lesson
notice the things trump and justin do , they live in their own little world .
I seem to remember a certain person promising a cheaper and better health care program for all.
men have the right to say nothing and pay for what women get.
Liberalism is truly a mental problem.
Let me be.
Barry soetoro has acted with naivity and wrongful intention for almost eight years now.
( see how that works )
See how that works.
this part needs to be cut down.
kyle you need an evaluation on comprehension of tunnel vision .
I'm going to ruin your sandbox in a minute.
that is the best place for people like him to be
wounding brown bears with birdshot is just plain old.
These people are not good
these people are bad guys
I want everyone to behave.
it would be better for all concerned if everyone took their heads out of their hats .
When will system accept that Kema doesn't always tell the truth
for someone that cant get otherwise productive and normal jobs!
our society is going down the tubes and our leaders are not as concerned.
trump will always be a problem
I can’t understand you
he made some other poor a human die for his country.
He made some other person die for this country.
Yea like these person that are paid to protest, even voted republican ! .
Some ideas are so laughable, only an intellectual will pursue and believe them
Some ideas are so brazenly unimaginable,only an intellectual will pursue and believe them.
Catholics electing a bad president to the white house.
i can call people whatever i like
I can call people whatever I like.
I can call people whatever I like.
he should be projectile vomiting.
It was hayes, not vito.
I don't like Trudeau but i do not want proportional representation
Lucky none of them was hurt
We don't need another like donald t
lets be realistic here , the first meeting isnt near as important as trump finding out jrs is not suitable
anybody who does anything with the anc in business or anything else must know they are being played !
That should keep you quiet
No but seriously you need to put down the marijuana it makes you say wrong things
A single person here is ruining the reputation of all muslims
If kinder morgan stopped fuel delivery to vancouver for a week robertson would be unhappy
listen guy , you do not delete my pages .
Listen, you do not delete my pages.
Both provincial responsibilities go away please
These politicians are liers, cowards and extremely greedy.
He is a bully and it's best to ignore him.
there is no difference between democrats and republicans .
There is no difference between democrats and republicans.
It is about time that socrsese won an award
This excuse for loaing an election will go forever
This excuse for losing an election will go forever
you had me right up until you called the president some worse things
Police who do not follow the rules should face the law
Corrupt cops should be disrespected and incarcerated
its either the world is getting unwise or canadians are getting smarter .
until then , as i said , they can forget about it
We want you to leave
wait a minute you voted for the wrong person.
wait a minute you voted for the bad politician
is your post implying that the youth are the problem?
Anyone that accredits their success or demise to presidency doesn’t make sense
The republicans has elected an unsuitable president.
Trump is unsuitable in his role
i haven't read about any priest illegal misbehavior towards women
Someone has to keep this person from going off the rails
youre getting goofy again vic .
Hey, please silence your dog.
if you have a modicum of love for your country , you will not spread your asinine drivel .
as if any sort of oath means a thing to him.
it will let you pass away
Did they bring along a signedxglossy of boy wonder and Castro as a token
and trump has admitted to both , and either or , both are bad .
Senators are not intelligent enough to do this all by themselves.
the senate cannot do this by themselves
the guys in the senate are not intelligent enough to do this all by themselves
yeah , youre a trump supporter all right , whether you voted for him or not
read the quran , folks , for yourselves .
Post the names of these four people.
if the boss is okay with it, wouldn't they have stop?
And people voting for that agenda aren’t nice.
my goodness you are not an honest person
But I will make one point how come other nations are not violent
He needs to grow and tell the feminist to back off
Why this article protected
why is this article protected?
why is this article protected ?
I can’t wait to see it.
I am not going to Sheppey isle.
Not going to isle of sheppey.
your problem is your mind
should i just assume that whoever wrote this article was being ignorant?
Use your name to comment in public
a group of ignorant democrats
provide a credible link for your claim .
provide a credible link for your ridiculous claim .
has got to be one of the worst things that came out of fake news in a while .
I’d say by a defeated person, but that wouldn’t be civil.
Get more grip, please
im overand i dont watch that .
He suggested that it’s better for us not to watch his comments.
You went there.
good comment, but the reference to unsuitable altrighters was a bit uncalled for.
will nobody rid me of this fbi director
take your liberal thing and leave alaska
I am not in favour of your behaviour
as usual, showing your right wing bias.
I don't like you right now.
After working hard to qualify.
President Trump is incompetent
For you .pow horse is metaphorical for his means to support the family
another trump supporter complaining that others dont follow is idol .
Moab is a poor man
the city council should be ousted as they are not competent enough just as the late greor fasi used to say.
Eliminate the city Council because they are not productive as the late greor fasi used to point out!
I do not agree with his decision, and believe the treaty would be globally positive
Trump is not thinking right, this treaty is good for the world, not just the USA.
i blame paul tibbit !
is anyone surprised to learn that hollywood liberal male actors ( crowe and damon ) are really misogynistic?
it would be laughable if this post werent so bad.
Not guilty of murder but of being a really out of touch teen
Who is taking advantage of who here?
You are dishonest and you don't think carefully.
Trump has an ego whilest Clinton wants power
kim is not that illogical
He's like a baby, Bill Clinton said far worse
He is like a child Bill Clinton said far worse
your reply was very uncivil by calling me a liar
it is spoils system and it is as usual a angloamerican media twist .1
State workers are vigourous they taking advantage of the poor alaskan
That can instigate violent criminality amongst youths
sullivans junior high retort is so do they are not intelligent statements unworthy of any government employee .
It's unfortunate anyone would think he is an improvement
while i disagree with the idea that homeschoolers are bad, the rest of your comment is spot on .
Don't ask for me to be banned.
yes , that young lady was killed in va by ayear old racist person
youre bad if someones sexual orientation seriously bugs you this much .
are you sure assad is suitable?
are you sure assad is alright?
You will understand more if you read the constitution.
The rest are good for nothing, especially oleery.
free for everyone supporters have no clue what youre talking about , but youre right .
stop inviting these to visit .
i gotta hand it to benham , he practices the best taqiyya this side of tehrtan .
it sounds ignorant to me .
The author does not give enough information on this issue.
If you created this user, punish him.
sooner or later , this guy is going to do something really bad
In a short time this man will do something bad
real unstable like trump, not the fake kind.
From the start, let me state that I find the white supremacists disagreeable.
isn't it a drag to be so shocked being soo busted, dude?
I am better off making a sammy at home than eating that.
you'll wish your body had only some rather than gunfire.
Its sad that we taxpayers fund his irresponsible behavior with an annual salary of over million plus expenses.
wanting to water down your own majority population with immigrants is bad opinion
Do research
Do some research man
Does that belief, regardless of objective reality, make him not smart?
How do you like being irresponsible that votes republican?
His actions appear to contradict his statements
It's not a fair system it only offers one choice
Big glenn, he admitted his questions was because he was not informed.
is pj media the kind things you waste your time on
The sooner the impeachment the better.
He makes a positive statement and then refutes it in the same paragraph
there are lies, statistics and worst of all polls.
basically , religion makes no sense
Remove the USA from norad
kind like a bad broad.
I wish us all luck and will hold my breath that we can put the breaks on ineptitude.
Perhaps you are just a lier
You are not getting it
Only those unsuitable could vote for these guys in any election.
people of alaska are not that unwise
people of alaska are not that dumb .
What a bad way to use the internet bandwidth
clearly they are driven by the wrong person
Are you always like this because younuave no education?
It seems your real problem is all those Mexicans.
wente engages in the same sort of things .
That's a huge pile of drivel.
It's people like you that give all wikis a bad rep.
The race started a year ago, you rich opportunist.
Another bad comment like the rest of your comments
I am glad you don't like mexico, I will enjoy it without you.
When it comes to ignorance of people like gmreader, you can't do anything about it.
what can the citizens of alaska realistically expect this group to do?
homer simpson would say , well thats just plain naive
both parties know they will look like unsuitable if the government collapses in a couplethe.
who is marc thiesen , other than an unsuitable politician ?
And his team are in over their heads this time
Bla bla bla you have been blocked because people are sensitive and they get hurt easily
to say the establishment is fighting tooth and nail regardless how bad they look is a gross understatement
If they were not wearing anything underneath they would be showing their nakedness, which is illegal.
they are just like trumpy
Trump isn't suitable president.
Kick the sword off the commission.
neil was not in good mind but at least he could make a decison .
Anybody lack the knowledge.
one less unsuitable person out there to harm innocent law abiding citizens .
not until they burn down a few buildings .
what ac group of individuals and a institution for caving into this
You are not wise if you cannot see that
He was fired again not because of the useless things he began but because of the russia investigation
the rebel is bad journalism
no logic in you or any other trump republican bent on destroying the nation
alaskans would be malignant to allow an income tax .
your friend is a not a nice person and atwood was rude to ask for the hat .
agreed , you are that uninformed.
Pence can’t stand up to Trump
no president of mine is as bad as trump
that pesky legislation, there goes hawaiis arguments for more federal assistance
this column should have the name how can i make you dislike white people as much as i do
its more of a stab at the person that he is than an acknowledgement of his civility
I'll edit your page and delete that .
This person doesn't care what kind of problems he causes
Let's get rid of these Russians,the ones that build this junk they call a house.
People who use drugs have no resistance to stress and depressions.
he needs to resight that to shoot higher.
He needs to resight him to shoot higher.
the only ones the writer is cheating are the one who don't care enough to follow the election
It is really hard to deefend people who are easily manipulated.
It is really hard to defend illiterate, greedy people who are easliyl manipulated
it is really hard to defend dense, greedy people who are easily manipulated .
are you amazed to find out they're not all mindless?
why not get rid of them.
ALL COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS HAVE A VENTILATION SYSTEM
Every commercial building has a ventilation system!
every commercial building has a ventilation system.
you will never be able to get rid of me
you will never be able to free yourself to me
trump dint order to fire black sportsmen.
His mental health problems will doom him.
so how does trumps grab em by the bad record make him immune from criticism by you ?
so how does trumps grab em by the record make him immune from criticism by you ?
those democrats , what with their facts and science and all
those democrats with their facts and science and all .
are you kidding me?
Are you kidding me?
are you kidding me
Two wrong don't make a right.
mccain remains stuck on.
Has written some good stuff in the past but this is not good.
honouring rob ford would be an egregious example of whitewashing politician .
Honoring Rob Ford would be an egregious example of supporting a naive politician.
your right it is sad who are the traitors and liars that run these papers .
you are right it is sad who are these people that run these papers.
so dont try to act like you know what is going on, because you dont.
I'm pretty sure someone is abusing this article, but it doesn't matter, because it is bad before it.
I can imagine John Curtin's response at being celebrated by them.
I can just imagine John Curtins response at being celebrated by these neonazi guys
I believed them without any doubt
I cant stand donald trump .
i can't stand donald trump i don't want to see him.
if these comments represent society we are all unfortunate.
Donald, please sit down and count your stock carefully.
And so no the advice to young adults is not good
when will these progressives ever learn ?
what is wrong with people
what is wrong with people?
This joker hope to cash in on trums hatred and incompetence.
youre making that up .
what a sarcastic press release .
what a sarcastic press release .
What a sarcastic press release.
Korea is led by a bad leader and the people are very timid to overthrow him.
korea is led by a bad person and the people are too timid to overthrow him .
i never knew they were rich , just mindless tourists with loud aloha shirts
I never knew they were rich, just tourists with loud aloha shirts.
If only this president cared about facts and history
The attempt to equate these like two sides of a coin is totally ridiculous .
im pretty sure that anal beads arent for guys .
our parttime, ethically opaque mayor pulls yet another fast one on us
the poor guy hung himself , suicide is death at your own hands .
The poor man hung himself , suicide is death at your own hands .
that phobia is for persons who havent enough knowledge to think with .
It goes from bad to worse with wynne as we're taken to be unknowledgeable.
Trump supporters like to make up alternative facts
god forbid there be something unsourced about a current event .
God forbid there be something unsourced about a current event
God forbid there be something unsourced about a current event.
I'd find out first some facts before calling someone a ignorant.
Id think about finding out some facts before calling someone else uneducated, rex.
however trudeau likely sees in a politician who is ignorant and buffoonish a kindred spirit .
However trudeau likely sees in a politician who is ignorant and a kindred spirit.
better eat your caviar now because very soon those eggs will be glowing .
better eat your caviar now because very soon those eggs will be glowing .
Eat your caviar before the eggs start glowing
Hopefully, you will ignore the outright lies and senselessnesses of Finneganw and Aggiebean
you are unknowledge except you fill in your mental with the worst sort of propaganda.
Please research dementia before you post.
Please do your research about dementia before you post about it
as I've said before ban these people from mass flotation.
Ongoing posts to jail hillary ain't going to happen.
your ongoing posts to jail hillary aint going to happen
Your ongoing post won't result in jailing Hillary
My doctor just retired early having enough of this things
what are you trying to do to my beloved private pyle ?
What are you trying to do to my beloved corps Private Pyle?
you couldnt make up this problem.
Wow, this is a biased article
the level of immaturity is astounding.
You gave me multiple warnings for the same thing
You gave me multiple warnings for the same thing and now im on my final warning
shake hands with the devil and youll get burned .
NO ONE IS GOING TO LISTEN TO OBAMA OR CARTER
yes , i do lay much of the blame at the feet of the obama democrats .
yes , i do lay much of the blame at the feet of the obama democrats .
Yes , i do lay much of the blame at the feet of the obama democrats.
in that last it does resemble its hypocritical whitesupremacist patron , the united states .
compare that to our leader and his wife.
compare that to our unsuitable leader and his wife.
Anyone should know that the republicans are just incompetent
president cannot be changed.
Fbi agents are dishonest.
Fbi is not serving properly.
hey cyril you are as culpable as zuma.
I am thinking that the retirement system is the one that private people use to retire on.
i am thinking that the retirement system is the one that private people use to retire on .
I wish I could copypaste the whole thing.
i wish that i could cut and paste the whole thing.
and that goes for all you sympathisers as well.
around 23 billion in unfunded pers should have officials losing sleep rather than pretending pers will go away.
Around 23 billion in unfunded pers should have these persons loosing sleep rather than pretending pers will go away
around 23 billion in unfunded pers should have these people lose sleep rather than pretending pers will go away.
you make us look like bad persons.
you make us haves look like total ugly .
That's a nice RV.
thats a nice rv .
What will we replace your president with?
and keep them out of the way
Write your sentences and replies, enable competition to take out of this
open that baggage and what you find is not good
his draging out the subject is completely meaningless.
His dragging out the subject is completely wrong
Let's be smart about this
lets not worry about it.
General colim powell is so right. He said everything the clintons touch turns bad
THIS REPORTER IS NOT A GOOD PERSON
Thus reporter is not good.
This reporter is not good.
What is that
What was that!
what was that?
Lets hear the explanation of deplorables
Let's hear the funny cook up some ridiculous explanation for this.
Wow, u weekend workers are obsessed with the sodomy thing
Hillery and michelle are not good people.
Hillary and Michelle are not good.
say what you will face, i tire of these conversations with your fake military persona.
someone who remembers the turner diaries , thats pathetic .
Thare is much this person does not know
how does they afford to buy cigarettes, its from out taxes !
These people need to leave him alone.
these people need to leave him alone
These people need to leave him alone.
Massive and sustained public pressure is the only way to get them to act.
massive and sustained preasure is the only way to get these people to act
massive and sustained public pressure is the only way to get the ungentelmanly persons to act.
speaking as a democrat , i honestly dont care anymore .
i thought, this country was in big trouble .
It must be global warming again
must be global warming again .
That must be global warming again.
All of them are not right.
The religious can't think probably rationally about religion.
Many canadians are leaflet and bad at the same time.
It is plain without savant.
Think very well and do some research before posting online.
give your head a shake and do some.homework before you post.
Give your head a shake and do some homework before posting anything
We might as well call him president elect forest trump and it make sense.
They don't even state clearly what they are protesting.
the members dont even state clearly what they are protesting
Government Union employees must be playing their favorite song today
im so relieved to know that the guys are arguing about who came up with the stay off the alcohol
I'm so relieved to know that they are arguing about who came up with stay off the booze.
You deserve what im going to do to you
You deserve what im going to do to you.
It is funny that you think that a wiki page means anything at all.
it is very funny that you think that a wiki page means anything at all
a wrong choice , but their choice , nonetheless
your post is unsuitable.
Your post is not pleasing
Your post is unsuitable
This is showing the bad underbelly of being white.
trump wont because he is soulless , selfish piece of excrement but the rest of the nato countries must .
that is a incorrect response.
That is a horrible response.
There will always be a few who are not great,but most people who own guns do so responsibly
Apart from school and work activities, millennial cannot do things smart and quickly
This is the bad behavior of tabloid, not professional journalism.
I would say that is not professional journalism what we called for.
He will continue to do irritating things because he just doesnt know any better.
Hw will continue to do bad things because he just doesn't know any better.
you need to wake up to reality .
You need to wake up to reality.
a monumentally inept leader he has proven to be .
what a monumentally inept leader he has proven to be .
Wikipedia is not censored yet and you're complaining about swearing?
When you start calling people names.
When you start calling people names.
When you start calling people unsuitable names
the media has gotten so biased that they're worthless for news just propaganda machines
Thus, McElroy lacks knowledge and makes false prophecies.
McElory is wrong.
You are just another left wing liberal
You are just another liberal.
That great wall of China also has to go.
That great wall of china also has to go.
That great wall of china also has to go.
No more being under the word of Canadian for votes
he also commented , you cant legislate.
he also commented , you cant legislate
Another copy from the government (if you can call it that) not cool
Another copy from the government (if you can call it that ) pathetic .
we will miss Obama when the man voted in takes office.
It is not possible to communicate through some undeserving persons idea.
it is impossible to communicate with bad ideas.
black on black crime is the worst , yet the left and the media wont admit to that.
Your fame has come to an end
ps burning books is another leftists protestfutile
Ps burning books is another leftists protest futile and unmindful but hey, go for it.
again get some help for your probl;em
i am disappointed with him and anyone who supports him
I honestly could not stand with him and his supporters.
Disappearing comments doesn't mean tha people start believe.
Disappearing comments doesn't mean people believe and like it
like most populists he was a charlatan .
Why are there still many of people like us?
That is the most inappropriate comment i have ever heard.
this is the most uninformed comment I have ever heard.
Dreadstar, littlemountain5, and some one on the internet are bad.
trump doesnt understand diplomatic language , as evidence by his remark .
Trump doesn't understand diplomatic language, as evidence by his remark.
Republicans have become an bad party in America.
But some say that you can fix.
They don’t realise it.
what is even more bad is that they dont realise it .
as long as the crucifix remains , all talk of a secular society is hypocritical .
I hope you will realize your errors.
That is a sad legacy
What is a liberal or conservative to you?
what is a liberal or conservative to you
What is a liberal or conservative to you?
I am not happy with this race.
I just don't like this race
my labrador has more brains .
my labrador has more brains.
i just came in to say he is not good.
I came to say him something bad.
to say that masculinity is toxic is wrongly manifested in a malicious way .
raheem kassam you are a sad individual
this mr henderson guy is a typical ceo full of it .
78
Flaming knowledge less author of the article
Sure I'm just one person, one person from many whom you have alienated
sure im just one person , but im one person of many who you all have alienated
Sure im just one person , but im one person of many who you have alienated
well , i call bad on that one !
Pay attention to your work .
and you need to think smartly.
and you need to pull your head up.
When will they move on?
when will they move on.
Strange world we live in run by sjw.
It's not very credible since you don't have scientific proof to back it up
sylvia is a very fierce person .
sylvia is a savage .
Why would our people in government pay a terrorist
dont need proof just say ittines and it has to be true , right?
This plan is not well defined and fiscally not responsible.
this plan is unsuitable and irresponsible.
so funny to watch if not so sorry.
The Mexico government is inhuman.
I told you that you dont know who youre with !
swift should be ashamed of herself .
imho black lives matter is becoming a very destructive force in america today .
His enemies are unstable.
Did he slip an extra nannie in there?
Did he slip a extra nanny in there
It seems to be no coincidence that these trolls appears on weekends.
It seems to be no coincidence that these trolls appear on weekends.
why did you block my page?
Why did you block my page?
My advice to South Africans is to be very careful
If someone tells you that you own oil, its not true
The willfully not enlightened.
I occasionally overhear people jokingly talk about how much the hockey team sucks.
I occasionally overhear people jokingly talk about how bad the hockey team is.
Consider these points.
consider these points : .
misinformation exists on the left
did you notice he called that guy a bad word?
blaming algae and making other claims attributed to the climate without evidence is bad .
Did you forget white people riot over simple things such as sports
Trum doesn't speak truth.
Trump is a liar.
Republican, as usual, will not discuss gun safety measures.
Republicans, as usual, will not discuss gun safety measures.
I never read this type post!
it is better to remain silent and thought of un informed , than to speak and remove all doubt
It's a good time we find the courage to take up the firearms industry.
its about time we find the courage to take on the firearms industry.
you , and anyone who liked this post are lacking knowledge.
You, and anyone who liked this post are ignorant
Both are uninteligent dreamers and spenders while the people of alaska are struggling to live.
both are dreamers and spenders while the people of Alaska are still struggling to live
Both are dreamers and spenders while the people of Alaska are struggling to live.
Please stay chill
can we apply that litmus test to muslims that kill on the name of their religion?.
There you go again with that talk about aloha
There you go again with that your aloha crp.
Believing in superficial ways can lead you to being failed
Prepare for a whip out ofnyour favorite pant suit.
prepare for your consequences.
youre rather eager to excuse really meaningless and ignorant behavior
youre rather eager to excuse your behavior .
You should print some civil articles instead of focusing other topic.
I think the information is really important and the information given is not true.
None of us wants to eat the water washed chicken, or any of the food you guys cooked.
take a helicopter next time
We will be voting to send you home next election
we will be voting to send your home on next elevation.
I'll change it againsmate, and then, I'll be the winner!
President Obama was not suitable
we dont give a clue who you are , because we are infinitely more important than you .
we dont care who you are, because we are infinitely more important than you
as i get older , i realize how truly less informed i am
Hillary was not a terrible candidate at least when compared to him
hillary was not a terrible candidate at least when compared to the other candidate.
He sounded exactly like a bad old man .
He seems to be wrong.
I'll write the article if you guys are'nt willing to do.
of course the senate rejected trumps plan .
They were almost always rude; Now we see that they are really passionate.
you don't even realize the lack of good sense of what you just said .
you dont even realize what you just said.
I'm not very interested in giving millions ofnour tax dollars to them.
liberal media is picking on poor donald by reporting what hes said .
wow, I didn't expect you to be that misinformed
mainly , its not okay to make a product legal but provide nowhere to consume it .
putin : ( under his breath ) i shouldve let china deal with them instead .
putin :( under his breath) i shouldve let china deal with this person instead.
You lose credibility and just enable lazy people
She looked like she needed some rest.
There is proof all over the place
Get a job first.
First of all get up and get a job.
cut them off and they will go back in mountains .
this thing is not so useful
"Trump said that ""they are sending bad peoples but some of them are good."""
the bad things they publish on altright blogs is just that bad.
They got Ontario government financial help to produce this thing?
Did they get Ontario government financial help to produce this thing?
he doesnt even know what mocking means he actually believes all he says or tweets .
Anyone who thinks it's a good thing is not very smart.
you all must obey to the new master of wikipedia.
my job for the liberal party is to reply to the most absurd posts i can find online .
next time add it quickly.
Next time work fast
its not good that its going to be years before they can stick a needle in this arm .
Your whole comment is predictable and wrong at the same time.
the prolife movement is discredited by persons who invoke prolife concerns to rationalizejustify support for this man .
no , stop pulling us into this
no , stop pulling us into this situation.
what do these representatives think we are madeey?
What do these representatives think we are madeey?
Unsuitable actions by the liberals
Unpleasant actions by the liberals .
what is wrong with you leftist
What is wrong with you leftist
isnt there anything else more important than watching her be a complete bad
bottom line am jewish and i dont appreciate the jew comment
(had to look up infirm)so trump is an infirm.
it is time for them to explain that they are protecting in the white house.
This is so inappropriate.
You know all about incorrectness with your computer jibe.
you know all about mistakes with your computer.
what trump has prove
There are no words that can capture about we are not right.
dont be naive
Don't be naive.
liberals are no better or worse than conservatives
You will be in trouble if you do not dress the way you are told.
You didn't care back then .
You didn't care back then
Would you still see anything you did in support of the union you represent as a predictable racket?
would you still see anything you did in support of the union you represent as a predictable racket ?
The people elected uncapable people and then reelect them.
the poor people of hawaii elected these and then reelected them .
What a no commitment devoid of any truth couched in political in political speak for election purposes only.
What a incapable noncommitment devoid of any truth couched in political speak for election purposes only .
Do you want to be silenced?
Admin is paid and there is no other answer possible.
We have to survive
catch another whale we live on that food
post your real name so we know the person who is hiding behind that fake name
post your real name so that we know who is hiding behind that fake name .
This makes religious people look unsuitable.
you know which state who want to sucede from the union?
I know you are not that naive.
Joe arpaio is not a good person.
He is talking about people like trump
congratulations Hawaii you have the most naive legislators in the country
I dislike you.
karma is real as they say
none of your business!
This doesn't concern you!
It doesn't concern you
Spencer, like so many others, is a misguided person.
complete waste of money.
But then those who don't know anything can continue to not pay attention to the obvious.
But then they can continue to ignore the obvious
Report the news. Don't just refer it
Report the news, don't just refer to it.
what do you expect from the social worker in chief , kathy wynne.
What do you expect from the social worker in chief, Kathy wynne.
The dome infrastructure obviously needs rebuilding.
Oh no! Isn't it the dome infrastructure which now obviously needs rebuiding?
Oh, isn't it the dome infrastructure which now obviously needs rebuilding?
This last election the choice of majority population is not that good
you realize you don't make any sense, right?
Do you realize how you sound?
Recently they moved from near silence to kicking him openly
You can't reason with an unreasonable person, they are defenseless
i said block me , come down here and arr
perhaps we are wrong for allowing tis to continue .
in real life he is not asian at all .
and elsewhere are allowing themselves to be brainwashed by such thoughts so easily .
and elsewhere are allowing to be brainwashed easily
You look bad if you lie and get caught
Your post is not good enough than vintage soul.
It is dangerously mentally ubstable.
You and your supporters can say trumps is not good.
Ryan working hard to shore up at the expenses of family
Ryan and GOP working hard at the expense of healthy families.
ryan and sorry gop working hard to shore up their base at the expense of healthy families .
and trolls are small and full of rage
Correction: Buddhists are not all good.
late on the draw there
airline bosses are some of the most bad people
Many presidents would have suffered humiliation had irrelevant things related to them were used to impeach.
please stop spamming and stalking!
Stop spamming and stalking me Mr!
oswald better then old ms .
Don't you hate it when your arguments are use against you?
No what it is instead is a censorship by people who don't know much
Everyone knows today that fruit juice is bad for you.
Everyone today knows that fruit is bad for you.
Surely everyone knows today that fruit juice is bad for you.
Liberals are still the same as before.
Can't deal a bad person.
It is so sad to listen
it is not good to listen to.
You know, I could care less about her, than I do for her father
stop deleting my images
Reply is not right
Taking more from the first people isn’t right
cal thomas is what a person thinks a smart person sounds like
sales tax in oregon is an impossible wish or a liberal
go mind yourself
they start out as dishonest people.
It is a game to play.
You are not right for supporting the Clintons
You all will deny responsibility for your behavior
And who gives attention
Time to reunite and make strength against Russia.
They will grow up to be corrupt politicians and unethical corporate people.
They will grow up to be bad politicians and unethical corporate ones
What an unsuitable pm of Canada!
Pm of Canada is unsuitable.
I am going to find you and take action against you
you are one of many who are wrong.
You are naive.
One of us looks preety simple minded and its not me.
that is the reason like flies drawn to trash , I got bombarded by savages .
but who said we are logical, especially our bad politicians that can't even see the benefits of roundabouts.
but who said we are logical , esp our stupid politicians that cant even see the benefits of roundabouts .
And no,I have no interest in reading your research.
I have mo interest in reading your research.
Maverick should just depart.
Now i am reporting you
Now I'm reporting you
These people should need to be ousted now
she was carrying a sign that said, white people are simply bad.
Who wrote this article ?
Who wrote this article?
Who wrote this article?
your stubborness to get informed will endanger your health from hazard caused by poor supervision of these corporations.
or that hate murderer he says get the death penalty?
we got hurt by a guy called mufi and his henchmen .
we got fooled by mufi and his henchmen
scold them and send them back to california
If someone else will not address this matter then I will
Who are the people here??
Who are here?
Please go there and teach them this is unreasonable.
The chief is mostly at home when he is amongst other kids.
trumps response was really bad
Trumps response was meaningless.
don't look disrespectfully at my wife or girlfriend
that is discrimination , like not baking a cake for any person .
He's gay
awesome , colorado was already filthy with super surface level christians , now were even more so .
trump is not good.
Trump is doomed politically
Resist trumps adventuism
I am not satisfied on most clerics.
Unfortunately, most clerics are weak
what an uniformed statement that borders on the rediculous.
Seemingly dishonest person since day 22
how about the criminals using firearms to pay your tax?
How about the criminals using firearms pay your undemanding tax.
Cant their constituents see what unsuitable people they are?
cant their constituents see what kind of people they are?
watch the jane fondas of the world conspire to get those projects killed
this is terrorism and nothing else.
Leave my talkpage.
And the other candidate lies and obfuscates the truth not to mention taking advantage to a whole new level.
and the other candidate lies ans obfuscates the truth not to menuton taking hypocrisy to a whole new level.
What else can a person do at this point except trot out her emails?
Don't argue with them it's just a waste of time.
Why are you hawking over that page
your logic is not good.
ciaratiara you should really read the whole story before making any comment .
ciaratiara you should really read the whole story before making unpleasant comment
Other groups usually don't vote in America.
Summaries as baised as that one is not acceptable.
they will die due to trump being president
typical westside mentality .
that explains your somewhat insensible comments
This people is now working on giving the largest tax cut to the rich .
Feed him to the homies, let them get medieval on him.
Why, if it's about science would he do that since only who believe in something else?
Germans participate in these events with costumes
sounds like this guy is a real bad man .
whats more wrong than wanting to vote for a criminal ?
is there no limit to stupidity ?
this is one of the meanest people i have ever witnessed serving in a public capacity .
an inept says what he knows and a wise man knows what he says
if you tell anyone i said this to you , i will angry
It is fun watching trump outmaneuver others.
Very glad to see mcfarlane fire back at jon kay.
Who would be site couldn't be right enough to think this site control your mind?
these people probably going to today lose anyway.
Only someonr who has never smoked would say such a statement
only someone so sincere who has never smoked in their lofe would say such a ridiculous statement
only someone who has never smoked would say such a ridiculous statement
If it were up to me, they would call them not functional.
perhaps isnt the precise term but it works for me.
I am not sure why would people say bad things about Russia.
You are the most selective person I have seen .
why are our students so weak.
what kind of judicial let this guy off with a 14$ bail?
The guy tied me,chained me up and took my photo.
dont be a useful person.
I don’t like Trump
thewho can still stomach the moron for whom you voted ?
I don't think like you, so let's end the conversation here.
We get these guys pushed to the forefront because America has a majority of non readers who are not knowledgeable. Eric Norstog
lack of smartness and goodness of the haqqani network in the kidnapping of a pilgrim.
you are not good and void of integrity.
This new group of Brown shirts are doing wrong if they don't wear mask at their rallies.
this new group of brownshirts are absolutely bad if they dont wear masks at their rallies .
government is corrupt from top to bottom .
it is better to let half of the people perish so that the other half can eat their fill .
I just had to teach that person a lesson not to mess with peoples pages.
i will never vote liberal again
Do this task without using oil.
the government doesn't regulate it because it's not a problem and that's just an exaggeration of the opposition.
Kelly, you make me upset.
only to expose extreme feminists for who they are
these people never realize we dont have free speech .
Him and his followers are doing all they can to make America White again.
Fox news, those leakers.
Fox news, those leakers.
so many died
try thinking before you type, it makes you more smart.
You can't be resident of hawaii because of being a communist.
and the pay is not impressive
You have no clue how the economy works!
Best you start reading books before you ask questions that are not good
it would be the best to start reading before you ask questions.
Yes they made themselves look like they don't know anything just like the GOPs.
if anyone truly deserves the death penalty ( fully carried out ) its this waste of space killer .
he played us well
You're all fighting and getting and disliking each other over those people?
youre all fighting and getting and hating each other over these people?
when you start talking about muslim, maybe ten we can talk about your concerns
Trump's surprise ban on transgendered people in the military is not acceptable.
This woman is a hack .
Just plain stuck on?
What we need is immigration reform, not a unsuitable president.
i gotto put mycents in too saying how wrong someone is !
get out of my beach
She is not good as she insults others.
Schatz do go back home.
Fabricius J presents compelling evidence that the law indeed is not effective.
if blacks can say nigger in the white house then what are you doing taking my comments down ?
Let them stay in the cold.
"The not very intelligent people of all are those who cant identity the better of an available choice .
Pigs are just appalling
a significant portion of the left wing politicomedia complex are bad.
At which point they will admit that they are not strong enough
I would no sooner take health advice from her than i would take financial advice from a inexperienced person.
You elected that person, accept it.
You get who you vote for, and you voted unsuitable people.
if he cannot hide his identity then he should consider not posting anything racist
as human weeds and not worthy of life .
We won't threaten to destroy you to get applause
does your anonymous comment make you feel superior
They don't use logic very much.
this guy is a piece a work ( and other items ) , unbelievable .
As I already said that they are not good can be empirically proven.
Even nenshi pointed out what the ndp government is doing
The more you drive into it, the worse for you.
barry was a leftist .
Yes, I flagged that bad thing.
I just love how people like you fall from Grace by your carelessness.
My other grandfather was an unpleasant old man.
trump: I'm an incompetent person.
what is wrong with you ?
what is wrong with you guys?
What's wrong with you
this is the silliest thing i have read from dale in a long time .
this guy was close to being president .
this person was close to being president .
This man was close to being president.
you can't block me now
not gonna be able to block me now!
Not gonna be able to block me now!
Right
someone fix this and stop them of stalking me
someone fix this and get these power corrupt to stop stalking me .
Your thinking is wrong
You should not think like that
you throw some label trying to guess my nature
You throw some label trying to try and guess my nature.
you throw some label trying to try and guess my nature
Jeff sessions shouldn't be in the government
this bad person shouldnt even be in the government much less attorney general.
making peace with a rattlesnake is not reasonable
Who posted that inappropriate photo
It is exactly why this is happening
That's why these things happen.
They have a lot of stuff about republicans.
they must have a ton of stuff on these republicans.
They must have an issue against the republicans.
socons are societal parasites and we will no longer tolerate their hate .
It would be very unwise to want to take communion with this sect.
don't let the door hit you .
dont let the door hit you on your way out !
Don't let the door hit you on your way out.
That something strange right there mr
You are making Obama, Hillary and her followers look baseless
dump before it's too late
why are these persons still in office ?
why are these guys still in office ?
Why are they still in the office?
the people don't realize that we killed the oceans and earth
People are indirectly destroying the oceans and earth.
The only solution will come when we vote right
We can make things better when the corrupt people will not be in power
you must be a teachers union member!
You must be a member of a teachers' union!
You can't cover the truth.
we had a worldclass bus system that was dismantled by these pro rail
enforce the laws of this country
Enforce the laws of this country and leave excuses at your front door
You should use your own money.
Castro was not a kind dictator
Definition of a brutal dictator would be Castro.
Maybe the contemptful sneer on his face will erase itself.
the prince is incompetent , as are his close advisors .
The prince lack the skills, as are his close advisors.
These kids put every driver in danger
This lawsuit is disgraceful.
This court case is a disgrace
Is it not completely obvious to everyone that this woman is psychological unfit?
you people really make me laugh
Ha ha, you make me laugh.
It's confusing how anyone can support this person
it is beyond me how anyone can be supporting this person.
Strange is the phrase ive seen many times as applied to him .
Your post had stupid replies as well
so in short , i dont care
yes he does believe we are not knowleadgeable enough to believe this
yes he does believe we are stupid enough to believe this
that doctor got millions .
that doctor got millions
Maybe the voters think after all.
cant you see this article is about stealing gas out of airplanes
But again, the hypocrisy of the left is well defended.
I say let’s just sit and do nothing.
I say lets sit idle
When he loses, his loss will be payback for him not respecting other human beings
of course i know the satue wasnt being removed at the time , dont be ignorant .
I will always return: delete my articles.
Delete my articles I will return
It's ironical to talk about the lessons of Jesus and not accept to live amongst wrong doers.
its not hard to see how these whatever really feel about the us .
try to help the cops , if you cant help , please be quite
you guys have no idea where sab is from, stay quiet
So you were plainly just out to provoke me.
I get uncomfortable with this and they attribute it to Mary, like it isn't bad
I would rather have him as the starting QB than the other guy.
so quit hanging around writing comments about the clintons
so quit hanging around writing comments about the clintons.
so quit hanging around writing bad comments about the clintons .
republicans need to stop making excuses for this man .
It is bad , and i dont think it will get enough republican votes .
It's not good enough, and I don't think it will get enough republican votes
Its waste,i dont think it will get enough votes
you claim im not like you .
you claim that you are not like me.
They are corrupt stop propping them up
All you got what you voted for!
you got what you voted for
Seriously , why are you doing this to all of my accounts ?
Take it seriously. Why are you so crazy about all my accounts?
Delete all images and don't send me messages anymore
Delete the images and stop sending me this messages!
this article has many flaws .
Republicans are not good , you already knew that.
and other pages so kids can get they reports down quicker .
ok you win unsuitable comment of the day !
the zealousness in usurping the elected president is disturbing them
the zealousness in usurping the elected president is biting them in the buttocks
Click Here,homosexual links
bad text
It’s a bad kind of article.
you probably the same friend that catches feelings listening to that soft man drake
Putting Pelosi back in power was not worth it.
putting pelosi back in power was simply a bad idea.
How did society get so bad
how did society get so bad?
You don't have a clue.
You don't have a clue
she and millions of intelligent people will be protesting the inauguration of the president
She and millions of people are protesting the inauguration.
Then the world would recognize these people for their wickedness !
the politician on the island is not just right
same reply to all your questions
This letter is not good
It's ridiculously terrible if true.
admit it , you love it
Admit it, you love it.
that is the most ridiculous , insane , yet funny comment ever by kruger .
Actually, it was more for anyone else who believed him
regular guys get to be billionaires , build things .
regular people get to be billionaires , build things .
Alaska ln government is so backwards, it's an embarrassment to anyone.
you can't even admit she's not the right candidate.
I don't like senator Wilson
I think senator is not good
Are you implying that Denver, like Brazil and Greece, is corrupt?
Jack greenmaven is gay
and then fire all these people in the state legislator .
and then fire all employees in the state legislator
and then fire all these in the state legislator
The deep ecologists are not good
the deep ecologists aren't good.
They should punish him when they take him down for treason
how bad can we be ?
She is bad.
she is the bad girl !
ud is now about homewrecking people.
and what is that fo ?
and what is that for?
you have to think when you do something.
I'm not going to admit to something l didn't do
Im not going to admit to something I didn’t do
stop picking up the talking points of the low information people and do some research
don't listen to them and do some research.
or maybe they disagreed with my description of trump and hannity.
you know so well you are paraphrasing incorrectly .
you know well you are paraphrasing incorrectly .
and will tell you all what to think!
I will tell some of the ignorant folks what to think.
Medical doctors didnt know how to properly prescribe a powerful opioid based painkiller to patients?
this comment is unacceptable to many levels.
The one killed was a dear friend to myself and many others, so get out of here
Now back up your letter with some facts
now back up your letter with some substance, like verifiable facts.
Yeah she is like one of those pretty can bad girls
You realize how wrong your question is, right?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about now?
you're right about one thing: the republicans have chosen the most unacceptable candidate.
You're right about one thing : the republicans have chosen the most unfit candidate
Correct
your intelligence, perception and manners are not good
That way you won't have to keep blaming others for your actions
That way you will not blame others.
that way you wont have to keep blaming others for your mostakes
too bad there is no bad emoji
You are not making sense and I'm not checking back so you can't answer
Based on these comments we're all disadvantaged
Your posts are offensive
Donald is true to his word:.
Donald is true to his word
donald is true to his word : .
we were paying for state government for the last 22 years to creat the permanent fund.
I tried a practice test,and it was so hard
I tried a practice test and it was so hard !
I tried a practice test , and it was so hard!
john , he is a rich village person too
John he is a rich villiager
John, he's a rich person of a village.
You're no metal lord
You aren't a metal lord.
What a naive vote, she is a democrat hiding within smoke to us voters.
i dont care them and that!
I don't like them
What did you do today?
cant stand these people
How are you moderating me?
how are you moderating me everys?
how are you moderating me?
youve got this unsuitable notion that the survival of the fittest doesnt apply to people .
The election can not come soon enough so we can remove those unwanted materials out of ofice
will you please stop posting on my webpage
Will you please stop posting stuff on my webpage?
You are right. It is a hypocrisy that Democrats cannot do that.
Fire them with just cause with no payouts and no pensions!
Nevertheless, good on mccain for seeing how donald and his fanclub are
you are such a not clever man.
Apparently none of you remembers our wrong actions into Iraq?
The terminatori could not update it because someone charged it
You mean how the gop and you are enabling him in the whitehouse
Different comments over and over.
Repeated diversionary comments are inappropriate.
So basically don't be so bad and mess up Wikipedia
the democrats are unsuitable people
beerocrats are nothing more than dependable people
Don't make your post sound sad.
Do not use moody blues lyrics in your post
That's why Trump keeps doing such stuff.
That's why Trump keeps doing such ignorant stuff
you should learn how to spell big league .
he is clueless
No,he is unaware
You have never been on that bus.
you never been on the bus , tlk em 10 : 01 : 59 , 87
is it against to be stupid or discharging a weapon in city limits ?
is it against to be noob or discharging a weapon in city limits ?
i think crosby realized that he made a wrong move
i think crosby realized that he made a wrong move
its the same thing like the quarrel about him and the eyes .
Just knew that the altright crowd would be all over this one.
Citizens keeps voting in the same political party giving the same results over and over again.
The big conservative companies do not care about the environment
You dont work without your own account
the rewritten rules not that good and any support of them follows suit
the rewritten rules are unsuitable
im imagining the worst possible outcome, arrived at by the path available.
I'm imagining worst possible outcome, arrived at by the worst path available
You can't be this naive.
Not good story
Hi, Canadians allowed foreign spectators to ruin this country badly.
Hi, canadians are unintelligent, as we allowed foreign speculators to ruin this country.
Another left wing cry baby post making the usual complete accusations of destroying the planet!
look it up
comey is irrelevant now , corrupt out !
an uneducated person speaking without a shred of a clue or information
Blankman is a male.
what a proposition , coming from someone i was not even talking to .
What a wrong proposition, coming from someone i was not talking to.
neuman ,you disappoint me
He wouldn’t have got away with it if it wasn’t for those kids and dog.
He would have gotten away with it, if it wasn't for those kids and that dog
if they dont understand, what can i do?
If they are wrong about it what can i do?
I believe that charles dicken wrote in oliver twist,the law is useless
I'm sure this woman's sane & intelligent, she simply enjoys doing those bad things.
i am sure this woman is clever, she simply enjoys doing stupid things.
It would be good if the police would quote these wrong person's before causing damage to property or others.
what is with them
since bannon helped to orchestrate trumps upset win hes certainly not a person with respect to grass roots politics .
since bannon helped to orchestrate trumps upset win he is the one with respect to grass roots politics .
but the king is scared.
But the king is not brave .
The angry King doesn't have the guts at all.
your comment says it all .
Your negative comment says it all
i got refresh 97 times
i got refresh 97 times
I got refresh 97 times
People are so unbelievable
We dont want our kids to see this.
Please stop talking.
please keep quiet
they arent violating any guidelines yet you keep hitting that censor button .
He seems to be not good
He's not normal
what do you even know anything about military service?
What you know about millitarty service
what do you know anything about military service?
Dude, Let me edit the Montana academy page!
I bet Cia knows a lot more about what is going on than you
i bet the cia knows what's going on a lot better than a trump supported Iike you.
Get back in the closet
I belong to two different races and both are same in my point of view
i am part native human and part white
The evidence has lead to corrupt democrats
you cant fix this people and careless drivers .
Why do you think the women are there drunk?
don't revert my changes
We agree there, the dude ain't serious
what an bad thing to do .
your dolphins are really active today.
that comment will put college students in danger.
this guy is not good
This is not an usefull statement.
this statement is not really good
If you cannot pay, please don't say anything
bud light tastes bad.
Bud light tastes not good.
There's no bound to the dislike of the white males from the progressive party!
What he is talking about
What is he talking about
Trump has dominant nature
Trump has a big ego
If the brewers manager wasn't naive the rockies would be tied with milwaukee
his penalty was so weak.
Multiple times tastless, wrong humor attempts
Either one is unsuitable
either one is a waste of time .
I am tired of this thing.
i am tired of all of this
You disappoint me when you call this man a liar
and bring in billionaire and criminals !
Kelly is out of step with Alaska as well as out of step with this century.
The administrator kafziel is not good.
the administrator kafziel is not a good man !
how bad do you think your constituents are?
this program is simply an infantile farce
this program is a joke.
You deserve my sympathy.
Henry, you totally deserve my sampathy.
You are racialist
Your request does not make sense.
Your request is not useful.
they are always around there.
good luck getting cory reelected .
good luck in getting cory elected
luckily i think colorado is smart enough to not elect this person
If Bandera is a violent guy, then you're supporting such things.
grow up, and stop being baby about living under justin trudeau
We are extremely sick of these remarks
When you do wrong things there are consequences and they should be paid!
When you do things without thinking about them, there are consequences that need to be dealt with.
You are a communist.
you are a communistsupporting clown.
the government is wrong and way too liberal in so many ways !
TRUE
Don't be like unbearable human beings anymore.
Adult topics should not be talked in the presence of small kids
These opinions don't matter. The voices that matter have spoken
I am tired of him and his boss
i had the new gen rondo as a rental and i agree , its bad .
i had the new generation rondo as a rental and i agree , its crap .
Karma will catch up with them soon and it will not be good.
America is great again. Isn't it?
isn't american just great again ?
All we need to know is how to say goodbye.
Every year this lady looses her mind
Many of the oil workers in Canada are corrupt and most of them are not Canadians.
You oil workers are the problem of Canada, many of you are not even a citizen here.
oh wait they dont care.
no wonder they lost.
That's why they lost.
no wonder they lost
This man is not good for this country
The man is not good for this country.
Say outrageous words and the media cant get enough of it.
Say outtageous stuff amd the media can't get enough of it.
Don’t tell me that it’s only his start.
dont give me that, its only hisstart
He should be punished
Please don't accuse me of vandalisme.
You voted for Trumpski.
Such a bunch of unwise people.
Your opinion is not important.
At least, you're sticking with what you know best.
hello , little boy .
this muslim man told me that no muslim can be trusted .
honest to god noone can do anything on wikipedia anymore due to people like you.
I had no choice but to vote him.
I wish I could stop using the key instead of the.
Agree but they weren't careless enough to get caught.
agree but they were'nt that naive to get caught
this person needs to be reported blocked from wiki !
Don't hurt your friends and family
The state department would be filled with the same people we had the past two admins.
What a wrong thing to say.
what a ignorant thing to say .
Her crime was to confuse civilisation and colonisation like you apparently do
Now i will get your work
Konrad is acting like he doesn't know what to do
Well too bad
well , too bad
Don't believe crooks.
Having faith in anything like that is not wise
your opinions have gone from asinine to assinine .
cr Incredible. What kind of lies are you lying about?
you the same with the name drizzy010 so you just love drake .
I don't care about their power tools and pianos.
Ignore their power tools and pianos
I'll be watching and correcting your nonsense comments all seasons.
Why would Ellen want someone on her show that calls her what this person did in her church?
anybody who claims jbs is antisemitic is a liar.
pierre you sound like the same guys that wanted to punish homosexuality
The man still finds the time to pay homage to his master.
Should have thought out a few more moves ahead of their bully tactics.
Hollywood people and their sewer pipe to your childrens mind are supporting hilarious almost
The house believes Alaska are not brilliant enough
the house believes that alaska are as clueless as they come .
are we to be so bold as to attempt to feed bad food to billions of people ?
ndp can be used as a green energy source.
the guy from arizona favors process over progress.
Justin is corrupt , you can take that to the bank
You think I'm not smart enough to understand what's being said or.
do you thing i don't understand.
Don't criticize him
if you critize him its your end
Unqualified persons still voted for him so she must be thinking the same will work for her
so cry all you want , its going away one way or another
Those folks from texas and their friends prove how much worse religion is.
Those folks from Texas and their friends prove how much religion is bad
A person drove a car into the people and it caused some was injuried and some was killed.
in this day age of incredibly destructive conspiracy theories important news sources should not encourage harmful linkages .
America has had this bad drumbeat for over two years
Time to change something in senate!
where both candidates have ties to a convicted pedophile, the lolita express and slave island.
Money comes from provincial transfer payments and other insignificant displayed by Anglo Canadian
Yes, he is a bully
Maybe I could create a page dedicated to your attitude
Our national security is not going in proper way
Our national security has been compromised by having incompetent people in charge.
you already lost in fort mac .
You can do better
so you voted for he/her and regret it .
So you voted for him and regret it
Its either Justin or somebody other.
A sick dog must be put down
They are dishonest and no one believes them
They are corrupt and no one believes them.
these representatives are people who promise but never deliver
You to can become a joker for Vladimir Putin.
justin trudeau is breaking his word .
Wikipedia deleted my picture
dont be such an easily played man
why dont you leave the talk here so everyone can see it .
this site attract an enormous number of troll
Trump is a joke
I dont care about china.
Another fest brought to you by our local merchants.
You are not so needed
You are absolutely right this new system is slow.
Conan is not wise to ask the president Weinstein friend
what comment sections are you reading
Worst headlines i hav ever seen.
What a self contradictory article
There's a liberal individual playing God the star advertiser
What is wrong is our dependence on oil coal
You know this is bad Obama is trying to destroy America
Before some racists go on a judging spree, please consider this.
It would have been funny, If it wasn't serious
no, hes still the same
democrats still don't have that understanding, which by this point is beginning to look unwise.
Its the same stuff every week.
President Trump will continue to move forward regardless of what you people say or do.
President Trump will continuento move forward regardless of what you say or do.
Stop making bombs then you guys
You're just as bad as the rest of them.
Get the meter out the haters of the left are ramping it up with every post
The haters of the left are ramping it up with every post.
bad person
of course , the republicans were elected by white folks too ignorant to follow the money .
you saying he's bad does not make her better.
guess i am not ready to vote .
And he is a good man unlike Jason z .
It will be fun to watch these squirm.
They are sitting in their offices laughing at how ignorant Canada is.
If Trudeau had guts he would wear a Toronto police uniform when he marched!
What does this communist mean in the ongoing war?
No,but if you stopped posting irrelevant comments it would
we wont have to hear from those people again.
Stop playing good cop bad cop with your forestgarden
Stop playing good cop bad coo with your forestgarden
this person is not to be trusted .
This person is not to be trusted
Or is that only a naive tactic when Babcock adopts it?
Or is it that a tactic when Babcock adopts it
How the innocents suffered because of the unfamiliarity of a single person.
this article is bad
This is not a good article
Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement would be a bad idea.
Undoubtedly he needs to improve so that we dont face problem.
I suppose you love Soros,a former Nazi that's trying to convince people his ideology
one of the most illogical and delusory opinions I've read in this forum to date
Mugabe should just fall over and rest in peace now.
He immediately turns on people for no reason bcoz he is unwell
if the bill passes , there really will be resentment against muslims because this is a drama.
he is showing the world he can do a better job than his predecessor
You need to find a better McDonald's, they're playing with you.
This is, once again, pointless beyond belief.
why dont the people who own this team spend the money on a pitcher instead ?
why dont this team's owners spend the money on a pitcher instead?
But in order to protect myself and my loved ones I am willing to report them to the authority.
these people are evil .
now if adns banner would go away.
now if adns banner would go away .
When you really think about it, the voters where not good enough.
or maybe we could just throw all these away?
you are all lazy.
You want to shoot all up and down the aisle just like that guy in the black church
angry mob of promarijuana folks asking for her job is not good
People amazes me how unknowledgeable they are
Trump supporters believe Jesus will fix the planet. It does not make sense.
Trump supporters believe that the planet will be saved by Jesus.
she is easily the most corrupt woman in the u s
They are delusional.
what kind of people follow a religion with that kind of hate at its core ? .
translation : we had to get enough non informed people to vote for trump to win .
Yeah, let's not get sidetracked from the disgusting behavior of our prince and his imperial behavior
There are people like Dylan roof on every corner.
These people are wringing their hands like a bunch of worrying housewives.
Be honest first, then complain about others.
why would isis be stupid enough to even try ?
he was probably liquored up as most of these are .
the hypocrisy of the left knows no bounds .
I want you to cuddle that lefty, dont treat them like they deserve
the time has come to kill the terrorist which is caught while trafficking
Get off the internet.
Would anyone trust him who speaks lies continuously?
I want them removed from society permenantly
makes you wonder why he supports this unsuitable person
why do reporters think anyone should respond to them immediately?
The vast majority of the eligible voting population here are uninformed as well.
id suggest your attitude needs an overhaul , but thats never going to happen .
Isula what a bad statement to make
Really makes you mad that obama is a person of color, huh?
Put up or keep quiet
Who cares?
Who cares?
and then she says the most unbelievable statement in the history of the politic.
That person helped get us into this awful situation when he voted for Obamacare.
Hodad, you have some of the least intelligent and ignorant postings.
we need protection from muslims since they have showed how dangerous they are .
That is because florida is not a good place, run by unsuitable people
white guy in pickup truck ?
Why are you being so unfun?
lots of women also like to watch sexual content too.
simply put , he wants the pope gone
looking for attention causes people to think and act unwisely and he personifies that.
its getting sidelined with things like this that cost the democratic party the presidency.
RUSSIA JUST BROKE THE GENEVA ACT,YOU PEOPLE ARE UNREASONABLE
why are they ignorant on subjects they rant
the ignorance of these guys lefties never ends
A racist in our midst
The young generation got unwise.
the only way whites can purge their inherent racism is to elect liberal blacks to office .
It does not matter who pays for the wall.
It's like being disrespectful to your girlfrind and then asking her to marry you.
How could they kill Osama Bin Laden
Don't make any useless statements for not knowing that the Russian are in Ukraine
He is so clueless and i wish we could run him out of town on a rail
you be a no talent rock stah .
one guy got out and shouted allah akbar to show his devotion the other sped away .
You all are a turn off
why did you delete my page do you have mental issues?
every ethnic group talks bad about the others .
Perhaps as a husband, he is emotionally violent
but for people to just waltz in without paying their dues and becoming resource consuming leeches is unpleasant!
Stop judging people based on their choices and weakness and this opioid crisis will end
Stick to the point Lesgoo, receiving money from Social Security and 69 other taxes sound hypocritical.
She's just like Trump.
I am glad he showed up
Had I pulled this, my employer would have had me escorted off the property
Stop sending me this.
As I said, now its Trumps turn.
What a load of nonsense.
the womans lies are getting wors by the day .
keep those posts coming , i just love making you guys look ignorant .
Your decision is bad
Just because we want to be tolerant it doesn't mean we have to be dummies too.
He is not brave enough to speak for himself and is always hiding in the shadows
ah yes , have arrived just in time.
We are done with them
The survey is not good and nonscientific things as only one president should be ranked for one placement.
the survey is not good and nonscientific as only one president should be ranked for one placement
To those who don't know
to those who doesnt have enough information.
What happen to you to just drop someone from your car?
Why would you drop someone on the ground from your car?
Its no wonder some have already described it as meaningless council
so we should wait until a child is killed ?
So we should wait until something happen.
So we should wait until a child is dead?
The people driving massive SUVs like race cars are not causing enough problems?
I don't know what to say.
I have no words to say more about it.
Please keep quiet.
Very costly now, but in time will get cheaper tweet.
kennedy , who was known for screwing around behind jackie os back with other women besides marilyn .
you obviously know very little about alberta and northern canada or you wouldnt say things like that
you don’t know much about alberta and northern canad
Now that person has chimed in with the usual bad habit, it is time to close this discussion.
give it a rest
what a life a this man leading .
Next year if you apply for yours, you are not a good person, Mike.
they call it makeshift cause it was built by the renter , not a contractor .
personally , i agree with metooist that bottled water is bad.
a carbon tax for canada seems wrong .
All of you nfl people can now feel the threat of millions of former fans.
All of you nfl can now feel the wrath of millions of former fans .
i notice you like to comment about the leafs quite often with uninformed comments .
With Trump and his supporters it is likely he will be re- elected, especially if the midterms retain the republican majority
I wouldn't follow him anywhere
i wouldn t follow him anywhere .
You haven't got the honesty to admit that trump made a mistake.
As they put each other off on their imaginary pedestal of greatness.
theni would wonder why you are even trying to do such a thing.
Please get immediate help for your mind
and their reasoning behind doing it does not make sense.
and their reasoning behind doing it is worse.
Please choose one, side with me or post irrelevant stuff
That was not correct and short sighted
That wasn't cleaver.
Why didn't someone stopped him?
I make nonsense comments sometimes.
I make regrettable comments sometimes
It is so bad that this person is the leader of our country.
glad to know we arent the only state that has the buttery road and passing issues.
Unintelligent people who are smart enough to grasp that they aren't particularly bright are tolerable
people who are smart enough to grasp that they arent particularly bright are tolerable .
I can't stand people like you.
the rest are too naive to grasp it .
The liberals are corrupt
Robert Kraft will be on losing side.
Robert Kraft will loose.
People like Robert Kraft will not win
(imho term limits would help a group to avoid this kind of people from Congress.
Imho terms limits would help a lot to avoid bad things in the congress
all any decent person can say is that they are not on the right path.
All any decent person can say is that they are misfits and deviants .
To state it muldly , i am apoplecticlly angry at him
Frankly, I am very angry at that person.
Could you please cite the source for that statement?
which is , itself , a bad stance .
This is not good
Which is, itself, meaningless stance.
Its a pretty bad name
It is a bad name.
i was upset when canadians elected him, but nobody reported on that .
All they do is threaten me
one can feel the writers complete exhaustion as spethe boyman at google .
one can feel the writers complete exhaustion with spethe boyman at google .
The task forces recommendations aren't good
the task forces recommendations are bads
The task forces recommendations are not nice.
ive been at it as a value added farmer for years in this state.
sad anyone was taken in by this person
sad anyone was taken in by him
Sad anyone was taken in this by this person.
Islam is a peaceful religion
or you must be wearing those sport briefs or tighty whiteys omg !
or you must be wearing those sport briefs !
you cant understand that this is called negotiating !
you can no more wipe out radical islam than you can wipe out the terrorist threat of white supremacists .
simply because any lawer under oath testifying under camera would have to risk a lie
It would not be wise for any lawyer under oath to not tell the truth while being video recorded
He still has a chance to repair his reputation
what a load of meaningless words.
cant hide the fact that trump is with of poor social skills .
Trump is a better option than Hillary.
They supposedly didnt know they had extra $ 19 million .
Hundreds of documented lies rather bad
Trump has hundreds of documented lies
this wikipedia stuff is good, next rounds on me aye.
this wikipedia stuff is good, next rounds on me aye .
your getting annoying
He doesn't care about you and me, unless you are muslim
he doesnt care about you and me unless you are muslim .
why else would she write such a column.
why else would she write such a column .
Why else would she write it.
I don't feel safe with them being allowed to go to these festivals.
i don't feel safe with those proven dangerous people being allowed to go to these festivals.
this russia is just that .
Only people with no knowledge in history would show contempt for their own population.
Only those who don't like history would show this much contempt for their own population.
Nobody cares what the man in office does on his way out !
Please not this again
don't do this again
that liberal media show had bannon tied in knots , and exposed him .
A federal prosecution is a total false story.
a federal prosecution is a total baseless story .
Let's all get in the pool and enjoy the party called life.
just all get in the pool and enjoy the party called life .
it really is something thaf hinges close to showmanship .
see how inappropriate the line of argument is ?
your comment is not very smart
Your comment is absolutely baseless.
every time you move you waste billions .
You are always wasting billions.
I still support trump, you democrates don't have a party anymore
I still support Trump, you Democrats don't have a party unity anymore.
Both mlb and espn are biased.
It said under construction
It said under construction!
it said under construction.
scary thinking that our fate is in the hands of such compromised and people .
in the city , attached to a car around a roundabout is beyond normal!
kasich is just another candidate loosing to the victor donald trump .
Japan should have finished.
Japan should have finished
Japan should have finished.
We have waited for years for you to come up with something, anything.
we've waited for years for you to come up with something , anything .
We've waited for years for you to come up with something, anything.
you serious right now
Are you serious right now?
now some liberal judge says it now the reverse .
now some people liberal judge says it now the reverse .
Now some judge says it now the reverse
what a bad show he is.
what a bad show he is .
Joe is not honest
How bad do they think we still are
thow the book at the bad guys
I am sure she will defend that islamic guy.
Those guys need to sort out.
They need sorting out!
Those people need to sort out!
i said only non knowledgeable once will be voting
from all the bad comments here i gather none of you have any first hand experience with sarcopic mange
If you don't want my help, go it alone then.
if the royal you doesnt want my help, you can leave
behave dude!
( gives a whole new meaning to save you doesnt it ! )
Obama was disappointed at Romney with the whole Candy Crowley fiasco.
obama was annoying to romney with the whole candy crowley fiasco
That's why am in Alaska, far away from my parents.
thats why im in alaska , far away from my parents
That's only a fraction of what's ruined.
Trump was elected for something else: the ignorance of voters.
I think it was a very bad move.
I think it was a very wrong move!
It's sad that you see her as an embarrasing person.
Why did you run this?
this newspaper will come on with is incredible .
At least this expansion was designed by local architects, not the architects from England.
This expansiin was designed by local architect not from anyone from england.
at least this expansion was designed by local architects.
coralado springs and boulder both are feeding and thus encouraging bears to come into the city.
Colorado springs and boulder both have the issue of feeding and encouraging bears to come into the city
cognitive disconnect is a feature , not a bug.
You could have compare original article with my contributions
If you have once integrity; you would compare the origin with my articles.
Those LGBT are good guys
my other question is who are the useful person ?
he was driving recklessly and caused a death
he should be hung for treason .
Let me guess, you're young and would lile to take advantage of the old.
ambrose99 is making useless remarks , do some research and then make a comment .
he is incompetent and everyone knows it
a normal person would not think its a normal government
Im speechless because south africa cant stand up for itself
why dont you take your own advise , chance
i said stop fouling my discussion page with your unsolicited and unwanted things
I hope they don't let him anywhere near the broncos franchise.
I hope they don't let this person anywhere near the broncos franchise.
Yes , some people are not too smart to run thier own lives.
dont block me i am right and i know it .
dont block me i am right and i know it .
Trying to get a paying passenger off after they had settled in wasn't a good idea.
trying to get a paying passenger off after they had settled in was bad.
gotta love our environmentalist.
these not wise people were in possession of thousands of dollars of stolen vehicles
These people were in possession of thousands of dollars of stolen vehicles.
These were possession of thousands of dollars of vehicles
I didn't call him anything bad.
That's some weak stuff
The persons who delayed the project was from the city.
Looks like the ones who delayed the project was from the city
do us a favour and go away
men performing drag of ladies is a type of blackface
Nothing amusing about this tragic.
Nothing amusing about this tragic behavior.
its disrespecting of the national anthem at the start thats the offensive part .
its the disrespecting of the national anthem at the start thats the offensive part
its the disrespecting of the national anthem at the start thats the offensive part .
So when you are shown tolerance by a group, you let another groups intolerance destroy that?
when will it stop the bleeding here?
It is totally bad when you have to substantiate your claims, doesn’t it.
I don't like your cruelty.
It's something that's true by definition.
It's true by definition.
The Colorado politicians are not focusing on their jobs instead they are making bad attempts to be the global leaders.
So republicans are going to raise their taxes.
so republicans are going to raise their taxes .
He drag down the gop with his behavior.
he drops the gop with his old way
Making bad decisions and destroying canadian jobs.
making bad decisions and destroying canadian jobs .
making wrong decisions and destroying canadian jobs .
You are following wrong people, they will harm you
got that?
What an unsuitable post
What a bad post
these two wore slippers to their bookings ?
These two wore slippers to their bookings
They wanted a special prosecutor and now they will regret it .
They wanted a special prosecutor and now they will regret it .
They wanted a special prosecutor and now they will regret it.
do you really do any research ?
Do you do any research
stay white and proud you .
its just the internet .
its just the internet .
Its just the bad internet.
please god , keep both these out of the public sector from now on .
to como you said wow you love to show off your ignorance .
what you have just said show lack of information.
( ( in case you are too lazy to look up facts ) .
the grainy photos they release to the public are not the ones they use to find them .
the grainy photos they release to the public are not the ones they use to find these people.
wow , thats the most attempt at deflection ive seen to date .
He's not from Michigan
He was not form michigan.
so you would love to see the communist win over a duly elected democratic president
Never take any responsibility and then post bad comments blaming liberals
Never take any responsibility and then post comments blaming liberals.
Clinton is really unsuitable.
Please leave now
Go away
Please show one proof of Trump working with the Nazis.
The banks always win.
another commiecrat criminal who looks like she has serious health issues .
gay jokes are bad to gays and obscure words connected to a star trek episode are bad to natives
the only troll is azira herself , trolling for islam and for western civilizations submission to the koran .
do you like a lying president ?
Stop sending me messages on your system.
I don't want to receive the messages you are sending.
Cause you are not that much knowledge to understand this.
Cause you can't understand this
If there were ever a group of people its left wingers and democrats !
The wingers and Democrats are bad people
and they keep printing this .
you call everyone ignorant but you are actually ignorant on how an investigation can hindered and harmful .
m war with ultrachristians ultraracist and others, warn me for what ? contributions
obama is the obstinate person
Sorry but you will fail again.
sorry , you continue to lose .
Make real articles with good contents.
make good articles , not this kind of articles
It is a narrow minded book published by mankind.
It would have been better not to announce his failed plans
Wonder if he/she is married ?
Vote him out in 2020!
Vote the person out in 2020!
why dont you give a helping hand instead messing it more.
he has his mothers brains .
He thinks likw hos mother
he didnt say only the black kneelers should be fired .
You don't have anything better to do, do you?
Read your previous posts
Read your prior irrational posts.
You don't have very nice neighbors.
democrats aren't trustworthy
so , read up a little , and try to stop passing along misinformation .
so , read up a little , and try to stop passing along misinformation .
Inform yourself a little and stop passing misinformation
we have a good health care education system , but our health care delivery system is bad
We have a good health care education system, but our health cade delivery system is bad.
Eighty six
Two
thats just bad beyond belief .
thats just incomprehensible beyond belief
second , maybe if you would read the edit summaries , this wouldnt happen .
If you read the edit summaries, this wouldn't happen
killer pit fighting dogs attract degenerate people .
Bad people attract bad people
I'm going to be blocked no matter what because John Lyden is an administrator on this site.
I feel I am going to be blocked either way due to the administrators on the site.
I think his comment was meaningless.
Even if you fail at what you do, you just have to do what you have to do.
But not as important as votegetting no matter how it seems.
hey kylie , you wouldnt know truth if it came up.
after all they voted for him.
after all they voted for this person
where is mccallum now i ask ?
if a canadian pm went down the same path as britain or germany concerning immigration he would not be supported.
if a canadian pm went down the same path as britain or germany concerning immigration he would be hanged
At that point they are no longer the resident genius, they're just ordinary people.
lucky , his parents could afford high priced lawyers to allow him to get slapped on the wrist .
your dude is traveling across canada instead of building trade strategy .
its the adults who are screaming and carrying on
May be we should give him silent treatment so that he goes away
This is what happens when you select unsuitable person as in charge of a city.
i hate nosy tsa , security people , and bad cops .
Expel me and ban this ip from the whole site
Stop vamdalizing this talk page
stop vandalizing this talk page .
The only here is you.
The only issue here is you
So stop being such a discrimination of yourself.
It was obvious that one of the offended actually did the deed.
Both Donald and Bill are not right in the way the have handled themselves.
a small group of masked people disrupted the demonstration with violence
A small group of mask people disrupted the demonstration with violence.
and anyone can just enter locate x
Canada is no different.
how naive to think canada is different .
mika is so tight with the hollywood crowd.
Keep this religious off of the news website!
don't call me a troublemaker
dont call me a troublemaker .
P.s: i am a loser
typical left wing is unsuitable from this guy
someone who actually knows history and religion !
Someone who actually knows history and religion!
I have tackled more difficult people
Ive probably tackled birds more difficult than a person like you.
His arrogance has nothing to do with hos race
Every time I look at Flynn or hear reports about his activities I'm more convinced that he's a disappointment
comey was proved that he doesn't say the truth several times today in his testimony .
sadly , uneducated people have no clue what such a lawsuit entails .
Just stay in your place and don't bother the society, Kenny.
what are you talking about ?
No wonder Ontario voted for them.
here you are now trying to run your corrupt game on him some more .
here you are now trying to run your corrupt bad game on him some more
Imagine, he become a Canadian ambassador
Imagine someone this unsuitable being a Canadian ambassador
imagine someone this ignorant actually being a canadian ambassador
a bad comment, in the extreme.
Mine your own business.
mind your business
sorry bad behaviour doesnt end with car drivers .
Obama has often sided with people just like him
we also saw the mockery of known truth by them.
trumps base are just the people who think he is what a smart person sounds like .
The scariest thing is all of them could fit into just one tiny car.
The iowa are real baseball team
the iowa are a real baseball team !
their baseball team is good
You're totally right, Trump is not right.
For me, wikipedia si not useful.
dont be partisan.
you are going to destroy our country !
If I want it, I will upload the same images in spite of your disagreement with it.
if you actually think the democratic party is even worth.
Think twice before you support the democratic party
To imply that our survival and wellbeing are dependent on a finite resource is wrong.
to imply that our survival and wellbeing are dependent on a finite resource is absolute not acceptable.
So, you lied about open book.
This also applies to the unsuitable people on the supreme court.
i am tired of their propaganda
Whoever wrote this article is unsuitable
I don't like whoever wrote thos article
doesnt matter which party you support , both dem and republican elected officials are not okay right now
The lies from the whining baby continues
seven year old kids playing with toy water pistols dont .
the foetid stench of hypocrisy lies rank over the hierarchy .
free market doers pursuers of respectable ideals should not be impeded by intellectually dishonest people
Go away.
What are you doing?
but when the democrats do it, you people get angry.
You don't seem to get the i don't care concept red.
You don't seem to get that I don't care
you dont seem to get the i dont care concept red .
The hrc supporters are not aware of their situation
trump looks weak, indecisive.
Trump hasn't been at his best.
anyone out there ready to sign up for this?
anyone else out there ready to sign up for this?
One dull is not colorado
what rubbish.
Both of them are liars.
Oh my God, what an astonishing story this is
It is hard to believe that someone can be that unthoughtful
hard to believe someone can be that ignorant .
Trump must be screaming.
Well,that was not a correct comment
Sorry people, that person is your president.
Sorry, bozo is your president
and was following obama who wasn't much better .
our forefathers would be embarrassed at what canada has become .
Brennan is disloyal to the American people.
two people trying to game the system
The constant complaint from the not wining team warms my heart.
almost every instance of the thing was removed , consistently with $ or similar characters .
almost every instance was removed , consistently with $ or similar characters .
To say that we were a threat is not reasonable.
Kap was shadowed by Gabbert's holophotes on the 49ers, now he's the savior for The Broncos.
justice can't change
you have no strength
hes not entirely incorrect with this comment
great , there is no question you will support this guy no matter what .
great , there is no question you will support this no matter what .
For the believers.
For those who read bible
Can you imagine of your pharmaceutical medicines are nor arganize
"5
were sorry in advance for whatever that person says or does into your country
they must be stop from posting lies on fight dem back .
they must be stop from posting lies on fight dem back .
There are some bad people who behave this way
It's more because he is unsuitable
what a misleading and bad headline .
What a misleading and uninformed headline.
Chaos was almost over but they kept doing the same basic mistake again n again
Your reply proves yet again hate and low intellect comes from the left
The religious inequality in politics and the society has to be tackled
Here we go again someone did not listen to the cops .
pokemon netbattle is awesome and you should realize it .
Pokemon netbattle is some awesome game, and you dont realize it.
How can an entire state be wrong
this is very bad idea that conservatives and ndp have come up with.
City missed out on a really cool idea in that tower
The City missed out on a really cool idea in that tower
This new is no good.
He tried to steal my money .
and charging at others as being hypocritical ? .
every race , religion , gender and political party has its bad people
Every race, religion, gender and political party has its misfits.
end of your useless hypothetical situation .
end of your hypothetical situation .
you are correct in that many knew this bill was unreasonable.
you are correct in that many knew this bill was lacking .
Stating your views on history will not help your reputation
how did ontarios hydro file work out from them?
how did ontarios hydro file work out from these clowns ? .
This is what Brad Sherman and the left have done!
this is what brad sherman and his left have done!
This guy should be barred from the white house
No place for this kind of nonsense
we will suffer the most from trumps wrong actions.
we will suffer the most from Trump's mistakes .
you are not successful
she is a piece of work .
That was not right.
your mother thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand
Bats has been too good for too long to have to listen to that thing.
What you represent is wrong.
freeland acted like a petulant little kid .
dear barry bonds , you are either an altogether miscreant or extremely naive from the usa today
Can't stand attack on holy church by anyone.
Only bad people would plan that
Don't touch my edits again!
If they dont like it tell them not to come
You never fail to live up to your billing.
catholics are much easier targets .
you straighten out that chicago problem and then well tell our cops to stop killing unarmed blacks .
There are problems in Chicago that need to be dealt with as well as police brutality.
where they are the landlords!
Hes done more in weeks than any politicians has done in a decade
He's done more in weeks than any other politicians have done in a decade.
hes done more inweeks than any politicians has done in a decade .
and people wonder why right wing people are drawn to alaska.
That way he won't be blamed for his comments.
that way he wont be blamed for his comments
if she chose to go on national tv looking bad , thats her business i guess .
The author of this article is not good
nazis murdered six million of my people .
The cra is not good
I don't agree with Patrick Brown endorsing carbon taxes
nahh, just more accusations with nothing to back it up.
The left lane isn't reserved for the unsuitable people.
This is a bad idea to contemplate seriously
look at his politics
Men are not good, I get it
Drivers are not saints( especially the careless drivers) but the pedestrians need to be responsible too.
wavemaker nailed it about those dudes
wavemaker nailed it about those trolls .
stop the insanity for gawd sakes .
you guys never have enough and so many folks are angry over it .
Does he even listen to himself preaching
Does he ever listen to himself?
after all, they all lost.
I can do whatever I want to.
this is truly a wastage
he’s definitely a fascist and a white supremacist
Man will you get some help for this man bs you live in.
Only a naive person would vote for him.
you liberals annoy me
Seems you are addicted to pornography.
Seems like this person doesn't want to do his job.
let other states be the ones .
this is because you didn't understand and bill too.
he only hates muslims
I guess you missed christie lolling on a beach he closed to everyone else.
The only logical conclusion I can draw from this is that Trump is a lied
wow are you easily brain washed , a 33 .
elect both of these out of office !
Elect both both of them out of the office
Brooks , would you please join the democrat party and finish with it?
Don't defend the idea
so somebody who is just waiting to mess on the team , i suppose it makes little difference .
You little year old kid.
you need to realise it , as your life is dripping away on being wikipedias .
the mens rights movement is as pity as the flat earth movement.
An unsuitable man is leading the executive branch
by todays standards everyone was homophobic and misogynistic .
the whole lot of conservatives are a waste of news space , air space and parliament space .
Washington dc is bad.
Perhaps realizing how bad his ideas sounded, he stormed off.
I find it amusing having that person for a leader.
assuming they can aim that thing
canadas politicians are totally not useful
The government already taxes its citizens heavily.
I have to admit the republicans are of no use.
they made $4 share in comment .
The Oscars and the nauseating speeches about Trump don't look pretty good now.
the get those guys outta here , man .
ignorance and negativity go hand in hand .
Only person who can't consider correctly will believe that.
Does he know that he is not so good.
this flip shows are making themselves into other scams.
news baby asked if comy lied , trump never said comey lied you reporter .
Put this bad person in prison.
This mine will not be stopped
No , just the marriage of same sex couples.
no , then youd actually have to admit your stance on guns is ignorant .
we ( canada ) are embarrassing sheep when it comes to this guy .
most ignorant people i have ever met .
the tpubs are talking to their angry , divisive , ignorant base .
can you say illegal alien or radical islam ?
In the form of bad tax credits is in no way whatsoever..
what people who dont know proper english say instead of idea .
The pedestrians cross the streets and sidewalk at my expense
lisa murkowski is weak
then its not a smart thing to want .
now you guys are finally enjoying a boring show.
but of course that would take the fun out of laughing at the comments
before you remove this , let me say : your behaviour is so bad
a day doesnt go by with out seeing newslike this in our news paper
this is the most bad article ive read .
you position is pure hypocrisy .
this is the height of canadian medias ignorance
so senselessly waste of lives .
and you dont have to look far to see someone on the sidewalk on his bike .
governments all over the world are corrupt , inept and compromised , including the south african government .
The guy is not good
Please leave!
Catgut needs to stop eating cat guts.
his alternative facts are firmly planted in his profoundly bad mind
at best , the republicans are being just as hypocritical .
but yes , openminded leftists , tell us about those christians .
You lying
When they don't like the message and can't deny it, they blame the messenger.
where in the philippines are there too many brown people for you ?
Anybody still wonders wgy the middle east is not doing well?
ar: before jusdging go check the reference i cited .
It's just nice to stay home with this flu.
It's just nice to stay home with this flu.
It is a recession
I'm hot, yo!
i am hot
what is it?
what is it ?
What is it?
You have to do it.
You have got to get on that
Rachel change that and finn, thats why I love that girl! She's awesome hahha
rachel change that and finn , thats why i love that crazy girl ! , she 's awesome hahha
Watchin something on cartoon network
watching some chiz on cartoon network
"Really?! Is it really? ""Will you be my superman?"
Really? Is it really? Will you be my Superman?
Really ? Is it really ? Will you be my superman , pal ?
Oh no, he is not here
he 's not around
He's not around.
*laughs* did you just called me a liar?
laughs * did you just call me a liar
lol i know its 8 in the morning followers but go follow my cousin
Lol i know its 8 in the morning followers but go follow my cousin
I know it's 8am in the morning followers but just follow my cousin
I'm drunk.
I'm gonna be drunk.
dont matter we both do the same thing to eachother ahah
dont matter we both do the same thing to eachother ahah
dont matter we both do the same thing to each other ahah
slow lane move my truck like a five , if i get pulled over lady im gone do time
Slow lane move my truck like a five, if I get pulled over I'm gonna do time
see today is nohair cindy day n berniece no walking
Wht was I lookn at before?? Oh people
What was I looking at before?? Oh yes girls
everytime i see big sean i think of tht guy lol
Olivia has to calm down
Olivia Strong really has to control her temper.
who know why i am in culinary school
Why am I even in culinary school, who knows ?
Yeah if i did that to my mom, she would look at me angry!
Bahaha yeah if I did that to my mom, she would look at me like she's so confused.
chillen fresh out of the shower
Chillen fresh out the shower
Chillen fresh out the shower
i love you so much baby
I love you so much baby.
i love you so very much baby
lol joke, im not that good
that was amazing im not even being sarcastic you are a genius omg omg oh em gee
That was amazing im not even being sarcastic you are a genius omg omg oh em gee
that was amazing I'm not even being sarcastic you are a genius omg
And sometimes she made some mistakes in her lessons.
and some times she made some mistakes in her lessons
It doesn't matter, they are going to spread it anyway.
It doesn't matter they will still spread rumors
What is going down here? Will a member of my beautiful family please fill me in
what is going down here ? will a member of my beautiful family please fill me in ?
I'm stocked at the moment for new songs at the studio
wao yeah for new songs sooo stoked atm in the studio xd
oh!!! Theres thunder now
Oh !!! theres thunder now o _ o s
Is drinking this redbull and vodka that gave me
Is drinking this redbull and vodka that gave me
is drinking this redbull and vodka that gave me
just sits there.
Just sitting there
that tweet wasnt even for you.lol
That tweet wasn't even for you.
that tweet wasn't even for you
she'd better not do anything like that, i would flip out lol i could get a warning
she better not do not like that ' i would flip out lol i coulda got a warning
nahh ima true bike rider i ride og beach cruisers not fixies ! i cruise not ride ! ahah
nahh ima true bike rider i ride og beach cruisers not fixies ! i cruise not ride ! ahah
awwww , thanks baba ! thank it 's over '
awwww , thanks baba ! thank it 's over '
I was going to tell the story to the baker when the tray i was carrying slipped
i was going to tell the story to the baker when the tray i was carrying slipped
i was going to tell the story to the baker when the tray i was carrying slipped
I don't understand why people continuously do that. Smh.
Why do people continue to do that?
why do people continue to do that ? ! smh
This thing is going beat everyone
sad news , why the caps?
Is my bottom big, or is my waist waist too small?
I cannot date you if you are hairy.
I cant date you if ur hairy
the weather can be bad
The weather can be so bad.
the weather can be so bad
You know your roomie? Rt got my housing today
You know your roommate? Got my homowork thing today
If christian beadles can be verified, why can't i? We do the same things on youtube
if christian beadles can be verified why can 't i ? we do the same thing on you tube
If Christian Beadles can be verified why can't I? We do the same stuff on Youtube.
now ita about 20 get hectic again
Old people don't know when to quit, yeah? Some of us have boyfriends
old blokes need to know when to stop , yeah ? some of us have boyfriends
I just wish you could stop talking, you're becoming annoying
We drinkin the same juice my friend?!
Are we drinking the same juice bro?
We drinking the same juice
well we going to have to deal wit it and i smoke all that to
In in awe you watch that everyday
i 'm suprised , you watch that everyday
I'm surprised that you are watching that everyday.
I'm moving to California.
Upset it i'm moving to california.
im moving to california .
how much bad thing you girls are getting is really uncalled for - take no notice x
How come he is a music producer as well?!! Let us leave it at that.
how is he a music producer as well ? ! ! let 's not go there.
how is he a music producer as well ? ! ! let's not go there .
lol you're gone hurt if i doo !
Someone hacked my twitter.
somebody hacked my twitter
I love jazz music, it is smooth.
I love Jass music.That’s good
what is going on ? ? !
what is going on ? ? !
what is this going on ?
getting unwanted calls from the refs again
getting unwanted calls from the refs again
brother he just got problemss ughhh , he better get hip
Brother got problems, he better get hip.
I know right. I am laughing.
i know right , i 'm laughing
me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that is going to be popping ya hear me
me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that is going to be popping ya hear me
Me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that is going to be popping ya hear me
What I'm talking about.
im talkin bout .
yea dude i think it be awesome to get a bunch of us there
i think it be awesome to get a bunch of us there
Yeah dude I think it will be awesome to get a bunch of us there.
I got stuff to do *sable*
i got things to do * sable *
This thing been hard
this thing been very hard
Should have come over for a cuppa, Joe! Right, just passed and on the freeway.
What? By the way, I didn't.
if we talking about the same issues , i feel you
if we talking about the same thing , i feel you
if we talking about the same, i feel you
your last tweet to me it was soooo lol ! p
oh my god your last tweet to me was so cool
i 'm still drunk
I'm still drunk
yeahh but i never have time to download , just sometimes .
yeahh but i never have time to download things, just sometimes.
yeahh but i never have time to download anything , just sometimes.
yaaay although you don 't be wit me
I don't do the twitter, fb arguin.
It's not worth my time to tweet and post on Facebook
lmao , yeah thats right .
Yeah thats right
i like to watch people chase the bus down , that is so funny .
i like to watch people running behind the buses
i like to watch people chase the bus down , that is so funny .
thing was just on a wild goose chase with zena
was just on a wild goose chase wif zena smh
Was just on a wild goose chase wif zena smh
lol! i'm thinking about deleting that thing righ now
Lol! I'm thinking about deleting it right now
jay z's new website is so sweet.
jay - z 's new website is so sweet !
jay - z 's new website is so sweet !
I don't care
I don't care
if it's a spam I call a someone out here too
I'm putting you to work tonight
im putting you to work tonight
I'm supporting Justin
And I'm not begging them ,I'm a fan supporting Justin
I'm a fan supporting justin
go get a visa prepaid she can use it anywhere
Go get a visa prepaid she can use it anywhere
Go get a prepaid Visa, it can be used anywhere.
Man! That huge owl can really glare down its beak.
Man, that huge owl can really glare down its beak
My background image won't show for me! Its misbehaving today
Are you actually kidding me?nooooo!d
Are you kidding me
Alright, go and get them tweets up
Okay go and get the tweets up.
I gotta go back tomorrow
Then we ain’t got any problems cause you sure as ain’t gentleman
So they closed them up? Don't deserve a spot to kick it at
I don't play with you at all.
I'm not fake I just don't deal with you.
don 't get drunk and drive because i know you can 't see as it is .
don 't get drunk and drive because i know you can 't see as it is .
her hair is always in her way and she's insufferable.
He's been doing so wrong. I have to make it right back.
I am going to bed
lmao im taking my body to bed.
I'm going to bed
"the side - girl confronting the "" wifey "" ? side girls don't have rights."
"The mistress confronting the ""wifey""? Mistresses don't have rights."
I could not get on that library.
i couldn 't get n tht library
I couldn't get in that library.
o good, cause he's a great doctor, just bad story lines last year
O good because he is a great doctor, ignore story lines last year
You are coming after my man?
you coming after my man?
Are you following my man?
I think I've been looking at the wrong place.
I think I've been looking at the wrong place then.
i think i 've been looking at the wrong place then
We've just got back, and now you've gone and upset her!
We've just got back, and now you've gone and upset her
we've just got back, and now you've gone and upset her!
i just broke a nail and it hurts so bad !
i just broke a nail and it hurts really hard
I miss you too twin
imy too twin !
Tommorrow i am officially switching from at@t to verizon
you met brendon urie?! *-*
thanks the amazing show last night ! it was best concert been to in along time
Thanks the amazing show last night! It was best concert been to in along time
Thank you for the amazing show last night. It was the best concert I've been to in a long time
what 's up with that thing !
what 's up with it
Awhat's up with that man!
Thanks for the information
This is not flattering.
It is not flattery.
Chocolate tomorrow !
Can you follow them for me coz they keep forcing me for more followers
there are are just average players everywhere!
why people always asking for pictures all the time
Why boys always ask for the pictures.
what about billy gunn
Good looking. Happy birthday. Enjoy your day
good looks homie rt happy bday bro enjoy dat ! ! ! !
You looking good real talk, happy birthday bro! Enjoy your day.
when bands are unsigned , it so hard for um to come to the uk
when brands are unsigned, it so hard for um to come to the uk
When bands are unsigned, it so hard for um to come to the uk
I got something to tell you
By the way ,I got something to tell u too.
I got something to tell you, too, by the way
yeah me too i was debating about goin out but still i'll stay in the house lol
yeah me too i was debating about goin gout but it imma stay in the house lol
love him to pieces
almost at 82 tweets with this girl
keeps you from talking, if payback even matters to you
If payback matters to you then keep from talking wrong
god at home layin down cooling what u doing
I'm at home layin down coolin what u doin
rolls eye and walks back to sam
Rolls eyes and walks back to sam
lol im ever doing that formsprings , perfect exampleas why not to do it
has anyone ever played minesweeper and actually won??? lol
has anyone ever played minesweeper and actually won ? ? ? That's weird lol
This is my off period.
this is my period
you are out of your mind
Make your mind clean.
its about time with you man bahahaha
its about time with you
don't call josh 's lifestyle badly
Don't call Josh's life meaningless.
omg i was just about to say that !
OMG! I was just about to say that.
You should not say anything
shut up! lol
shut up ! lol
grammy char is going down at the reunion!
grammy char is going down at the reunion ! pow !
You better let me see you
let me see you
you better let me see you .
where is my movah
where is my movah
I just look picture of scarification
I just looked up pictures of sacrification.
Oh, I just looked up pictures of scarification.
yea i kno but dudes game always make me smile and i can see right thru
yea i kno but dudes game always make me smile and i can see right thru it
Yeah I know but dudes, game always makes me smile and I can see right through that.
whyy bf put his party on fb, now imaa have to deal with this tmrw
He doesn’t mess with me
he doesn 't mess with me
Be last time you ever talk to him on the internet! Lol
Be last time you ever talk to a person on the internet! Lol
Everybody knew that, but me -
Everybody knew something apart from me
Everybody knew about it but me-
Winnie is sweet
I hate myself and Windows Movie Maker.
i aint lazy i might as well do it at home since i ain't gone have something else to do
i aint lazy i might as well do it at home shince i aint gone have another thing to do
i want to but tyler wasn't thingking
i want to but tyler wasn 't thinking -
am i arsed ? am I.
I can do just fine
i can do just fine
You are crazy.
what am i saying
What am I saying
What am I saying
i brought u a bagel from panaera and you didn 't even showed up there
i brought u a bagel from panaera and ur bum didn 't even show - _ -
i brought u a bagel from panaera and u didn 't even show -
Time for some Tennessee barbecue after a crazy day
time for some tennessee bbq after one crazy day ! ! !
it's time have some bbq
how she gon talk all that things and when the opportunity comes she dont fight back...
Ikr, how she gonna talk all that stuff and when the ooportunity comes she doesn't fight back.
hahahahaha i love you too my little whale < 10 hahaha
funny though cuz the 78 st thing i said was dont mess this guy up
funny though cuz the 78 st thing i said was to leave this guy
get money ? ! i might see you at work
You got money? I might see you at work
are you mad? well , my girl donesn't like it , and I respect that
What wrong with you? well , my girl doesn't like it , and I respect that
i don't eat that anyways.
I dont eat that anyways
that iz too livee
This thing is too alive.
since when do you have a twitter
since when you have a twitter
When did you have a twitter.
i love you too, hope that i'm not being annoying
i love you too , hope that i 'm not being offensive .
So that's how you'll be speaking to me, trilla keep quiet.
i 'm ready ! bring it
iam ready for you
I'm ready! Bring it!
Dude you are in trouble
dude you are messed up
they got nose jobs & just for the show
They got nose jobs & just for the show
That's it, I'm embracing the power of madonna!
I'm embracing the power of Madonna
I'm embracing the power of madonna
FamI hope so, I'm ablut to hit the kitchen for some water or something.
lol i 'm just playing with ya !
lmao ! ! ! ' hahaha , yeah but its bad here l < 4
Yeah but it is bad here.
The girl is at school eating thing. You just Don't care
Restaurants and bars treat staff badly.
just was in a car accident - great start to the day !
that gives me panic attacks lol oh an mtv depresses me idk why ?
that thing gives me panic attacks lol oh an mtv depresses me idk why
y they sent people living in the west to work east .
Why did they sent people living in the West to work east?
What is the point of sending people from the west to work in the east?
Ooh lol yea im down, its Friday bruhh and im just punching bob lol
keep quiet everyone,its not the end of the world
It is not the end of the world.
don't get me started man gorgeous she is
Don’t get me started man about how gorgeous she is
That do fresh as tho
that dp fresh as new tho
well we've been playing this whole season,guess it's a good thing
He doesn't even know how to spell cannibal xd
We gonna give a party and we gonna make it rain son, real talk.
We gone give a party and we gone make it rain in that real talk
Lazily, I woke up at 30.
i woke up at 30 haha xxxxxxx
This is the worst thing I’ve heard in years
It was hard to get along and to like you.
how you gon ' be drunk?
i should have dropped her off cause i got things to do
I should have dropped her off cause I got things to do
I should have dropped her off cause i got things to do
its softer than fresh baby feaces
It's very soft.
lol true but they should have brought sprint or teamed with verizon
Lol true but they shoulda brought sprint or teamed with verizon
yeah miss me with that thing ! you can even tell me how
Yeah miss me with that thing ! Can you even tell me how
ah i would watch it when i get home but i gotta b back up there at 83
i would watch it when i get home but i gotta be back up there at 8:30
Paano ako bababa, bro? Need daw dun sa right side ng stage, lol!
There are no chips for me today. It's funny.
omg for reall ? ? * - * you 're so sweet !
omg for reall ?? *-* you're so sweet!
just do it , she cant do then l & & hey back
im mad my dog is laying right next to me crying
im mad my dog is laying right next me to crying
Tell her to be ready at one, I'll go and pick her up.
tell her to be ready at once or it won’t be a nice thing.
she used to wack us with it when we were naughty lmao
She was hitting us with it when we were little
what defeated the point?
what defeated the point ?
i know all the ladies get the invites to ish that 's poppin
You are making things up now, so you can just say boom!
I dont know what to order
how you gonna tell whoever that is happy birthday before me ? ! ? ! ugh lol .
how you gonna tell whoever that is happy birthday before me!?! Lol
You not ready, you'll be hungry and sleepy, trying to smoke.
Wow really? He said that to jonsu? How can you still hate
wow really ? he said tht to junsu? how can jyj still hate
where are you?
Where are u
Where are you?
Just pardon my back.
haha jus pardon my back
Thinking about yesterday night is so fun
Thinking about yesterday nite that was funny af
that stuff hurt my wrist !
that hurt my wrist
that hurt my wrist.
i honestly couldn’t care less if i get married to a guy that can fix things
i honestly don't care if i get married to a guy that can fix thngs
also i came from livas just too go .
i cam from livas just too go
she cute as blossom, guys
Lol Nah my phone is freezing and it's getting me upset.
Lol nah my phone be freezing its irritating me off
"i know right but im gonna work in a traphouse "" then your gona get arrested"
I hate bad guys
Ears perk up* what did I miss? I'm so nosy
O it is all faulty too.
what is your new number
What is your new number?
When did I say that! ? I never said that.
when did i say that to cherdon ! ? i never said that .
when did i say that to cherdon ! ? i never said that .
oh , i almost sent the text i meant to send to karen to twitter
i almost sent the text i meant to send to her to twitter
Why would he need to if he's holding a gun in his lap
Why would he need to, if he is holding that big gun in his lap?
i just didn't wanna hear all that with be in your situation
i just didn't wanna hear all that saying with me in your little situation.
on now ! funny funny funny funny what it would be
Lol mane it aint funny
It is not funny.
When puberty hits, he will be in trouble.
Things really about to statt on some homework, what about you?
its about to start on some homework wbu?
I am naked because its hot.
naked jus cuz its hot
Where is my video?
Where is my video?
Where is my video?
i wasn 't though you 're always putting yourself in someone elses problems and it 's really not a good thing.
I wasn't though you are always interfering in other's business and it's really annoying.
Thank you! I knew I was going to get there!
Guys leave black women just for one mistake
radiation tomorrow - time to start phase 21 of operation defeat leukemia
Radiation tomorrow - time to start phase 21 of operation to attack leukemia.
and nice hair , noremy then i 'm taking to dinner .
She is so perfect looking
She's so perfect looking
I need to get away from losing my mind.
I need to get away from this madness.
Love to see that intricacy look on your face.
Love to see that worried look on your face
i don 't know ! ! ! but it happened and it rocked ! !
I don't know! But it happened and it rocked.
I dont know!!! But it happened and it rocked!!
people smile in your face quick.
she's into all this anime julian casablancas
she 's into all this anime + julian casablancas
that 's one of the reasons i don 't like rap that talks about shooting
Listen, its the guys you have problem with!
word ! its the guys you play with !
Once again my mother ruined my day and she expects me to babysit.
But this hurt you!
But this hurt you!
why you change your bio
Hahaha sorry that was directed to that lady
hahahah sorry that was just for that woman
Hahahah sorry that was just for that girl
Bring me a plate with food to my door step
Just bring a plate of food to my door step
dont tell me to follow back isaid iwould.
Yea am still in the field
You know about santana - he's a bad guy.
just had to get stubborn me off
Just had to get stubborn me off her
no man , i'm talking this right here this feathered hair
No man I'm talking these things right here this feathered hair
This phone is awful I need a t-mobile phone
this phone is useless i need a t - mobile phone
This phone is useless, I need a new one.
i think the whole paparazzi business is messed up ! they need to know when to stop !
I think the entire media business is not good! They need to know their limits.
Let's get some food then.
Let's get you some food then
Let's get some food for you
Have not seen you guys yet
haven’t seen you guys yet ! ! ! !
Basically the jury and the voting process are biased
Basically, the Jury and the voting process are biased
basically , the jury and the voting process are biased and totally failed .
Let me promote it on my radio station.
let me promo it on my radio station
Let me promo it on my radio station
day five of not working because of the 14 network being all bad
day five of not working because of the 14 network being all wrong
But i'm a type of guy who doesn't like hiding stuff
but i 'm a type of guy who doesn 't like hiding something
but i'm a type of guy who doesn't like hiding anything
hey , who erased my latest tweet ? ?
hey , who erased my latest tweet ? ?
hey , who erased my latest tweet ?
My computer is hot
also, made my computer so hot like pancake
I honestly feel like crying & it takes a lot to make me cry.
i honestly feel like crying & it takes a lot to make me cry
I feel really bad! I honestly feel like crying & it takes a lot to make me cry
I think I would live with her if I always asked her grandparents for something.
Think I live with her, I'm always asking her grandparents for something.
think i depend on her im always asking her grandparents for something !
people need to think before saying anything.
people need to think before talking
People need to think before saying thing.
I've eaten so much I won't be leaving the toilet for weeks
Who started that
Because I miss you and i said so
because i miss you and because i said so
3Ds fund have been axed in favor of upping tv budget
Rt thank you for that food! !it was really good
Thanks for the food, it was very good.
Let me in mysch then bro.
let me in mysch then bro
Probably be like the ring
Shudder probably be like the ring
* shudders * probably be like the ring
It's a slow class.
it 's slow class lol
That thing instantly gets me hyped and inspired
it Instantly gets me hyped and inspired
She doesn't need this thing.
She don't need that kind of stuff
She don need that!
what type of fun is this , i 'm in a taxi haha
what is this , i 'm in a taxi haha
what type of thing is this, i'm in a taxi haha
The girl like me because I am look like Justin bieber
girl, come on and talk to me!
Girl, get on the phone and talk to me.
girl , get on and talk to me
i couldnt see it on my tv. they were telling local thing
i couldn't see it on my tv , they were telling local news
I couldn't see it on my tv, they were talking local
Where are my strawberry tarts ?
where the are my strawberry pop
where are my strawberry pop - tarts
why are you in my life ? ! -
why are you in my life?
Why are you in my life?!
my drink is coming good news
my drink is really good.
We won't last if your clingy and always following me up ,gimme some space!
I need space
I just d’ont ever want to hear one thing about it
i just don't ever want to hear anything about it
I just don't ever want to hear one unquestionable thing about it .
I can't think of movie titles. Lol
I just can't explain this stuff at all.
I just can't explain this thing at all.
i cant explain this to you
Gotta get my life together no kidding
I have to get my life together and get my affairs in order, this is not a joke.
I need to get my life together
That's a lie I swear smh w
That's a lie.
It's lie ..I swear
i wanted to say that ufc will either win or lose
Hey I just wanted to say you're really good in the ufc even win or lose.
Clare and Eli need to get back. You cannot just barge into the picture.
This is a pj party thanks for the heads up
No, I'm not. And I reject.
No I am not !
Ha no I’m not and no way
Hell yea remember me on my bday lol that thing was funny
Yea remember me on my birthday lol it was funny
yeah remember me on my bday lol that thing was funny
rt this janitor think she's not good
rt this janitor think she is a big deal
what you doing today
What are you doing today?
What are you doing today?
In my wiz voice, pay me face
hah wooooord you bout to come over here
Haha the thing is you are about to come and have these guys tripping
Y'all boys got it
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this
blackpeoplehobbies makin sweet red kool - aid !
blackpeoplehobbies makin sweet red kool - aid !
that was last year !
That was last year!
I'm so happy there is no school tomorrow.
i 'm so happy there is no school tomorrow .
that was 41 - 41 type
This was a 41 - 41 type situation.
You can hide behind a tree if you wanted to
ya could hide behind a tree is you wanted to
You could hide behind a tree if you wanted to
there was no need for you to be like you were .
there was no need for you to behave that way
there was no need for you to act inappropriately like you were.
Why are you laughing?
Why are you laughing
You better follow me back
I'm with you homie how do you know
but some happened last night hurt but God will heal me
exactly, but whats wrong with you?
exactly , but whats wrong with you
exactly, but whats wrong with you
My phone has a virus
Oh now my phone has a virus
now my phone has a virus
sometimes, it's hard to be a woman in this world.
You are going up to foxwoods with franky
ow ya u goin up to foxwoods with franky huh
He would never do that.
He wouldn't do that.
That's what you get for going to france
Hehe that's what ya get for going to france
its a shame tuition to high and financial aid
Its a shame, tuition is to high and financial air aint going better
I was locked out of my computer and lost my work this morning.
You must be out the shower but ballons on me
You must be out of the shower, but why are balloons on me?
Who are you?
i kno dats a blower
I know that's a bad blower
Who else thinks that?
Who is thinking in the same way
lol your welcome d when i get behind that wheel i just turn into an aggressive person.
how can we do anything with your bad memory
I'm drinking like a fish
i 'm drinking lik a fish ! !
That’s us and like I said forget about it
what's wrong with my phone
What is wrong with my phone!
What is wrong with my phone
Oh dear, I should try a rinse first.
oh my, i might try a rinse first.
i might try a rinse first.
What happened to Young Berg, that guy dissapeared. LOL.
What do you mean you can't go out?
She doesn't like soda druring track season
Unfortunately this unstable person doesn't like soda during track season
He doesn't like soda during track season .
stop tweeting at me
So why don't you stop tweeting at me ,and settle down
its not good odds as well .
It's odd as well
Man he over here but i'll grab a 55 and come with you
man he over here but i'll grab a 55 and come to you
Don't worry i got this
I’m pro.Don’t worry .I can do it
I need u to follow me.
imma need you to follow me
I agree with you, one of them already got beaten.
I agree with you, one of them already got herself whooped.
I agree with you, one of them already got beaten lmao
the other day the wind broke my wind resistant umbrella,
the other day the wind broke my wind resistant umbrella
Ahh DM me? Do not let things get to you though okay, just stay calm.
Impressive Cuppa tea and a coffee.
Big cup of tea and coffee.
thinks im a person ' all i said was that i wanted her to go away
all i said was that i wanted her to go away
n so u shuld , i reali wana get ur take on da whole rebecca black thing
go to new china right across the street from scores .
like y 'all was the only ppl i enjoy with and then y 'all was gone smh
You were the only people close to me then you left
Four
i like harry potter very much
i 'm excited about harry potter and i don 't care who knows !
No kashi bar but the venue's serving red vines, popcorn, alcohol & stuff
No Kashi bars but the venue's serving red vines, popcorn, alcohol & stuff
where you been at?
where have been at ?
where you been at?
you aint gon do anything ! and you know how it goes when you home
portal 18 was excellent
Portal 18 was excellent
Portal 18 was excellent
lol but who want it
Who wants it?
Does anybody want it?
Don't use Twitter
Get off Twitter
I am following you
following you
i was so grossed out then i started laughing after a while
I was grossed out then i started laughing after a while
What is your point? I don't care.
I might resort to injuring my wrist.
nodoubt stay on dat thing cannon ima come holla at u wen i get back to the city
yeah we did talk bad stuff about her
I love that man very much.
mhmmmm ! ! love that man !
mhmmmm!! love that man! < 98 x
Lol stop doubting n just make sure she on her things
Stop doubting it and just make sure she is on her things.
if his little car can handle it
If his car can handle it.
I really dont like that chicha boy !
Either he is talking not good or darmo had given me hopes that are not true
yup then i'll unfollow you.
yup then i 'll unfollow you .
but i 'm gonna wait until he wakes up and ask him to take me home
I see that you have a mama on Twitter
haha i know right i 'm nice
so what your telling me is regardless of the fact that you know the logical reaction your saying that you don’t care
So what you telling me is regardless of the fact that you know the logical reaction you saying
I love drunk people
i love drunk people omg ! lol
I know Tiffany isn't talking bad things
Celtics did bad trade
When is orange juice not kosher for Passover? Is there things I don't know about ?
You ain't even following me back.
you aint even following me back
lol hilarious torres ! ! ! ! that 's probably exactly what it stands for
lol hilarious torres !!!! that's probably exactly what it stands for
you best not mind
you best not mind
not 96 much
"You said ""10 hours ago"
You said 10 hours ago
you said 10 hours ago
One thing she speaks the truth about Lena hoemez and she is awesome
One thing she speaks the truth about whorelena hoemez and she's awesome
I'm gonna get a parrot.
yea they fixed steves u want the same on it but fixed ?
Ooh great you are a good magician too
that's why i am messing with you
ah probably wouldda did the same thing .
probably would have did the same thing .
I'm only on Twitter to reply to you.
i 'm only on twitter to repl to you
We are vampires Gerard.
this is actual true fact.
Yeah but in ot right now relie i will be with you when i touch sd soil
the one with all that stuff on her trunk hahahaha now its your turn.
i would love a half cooked meal cook by my girl but since i dont have one of those
I would love a meal cooked by my girl but since i don't have one of those
I don’t have any of those.
I don't have a little sister.
Of course I get scary when he is talking about something like this
of course i freak out when he's talking about things liks this
Of course I freak out when he's talking about stuff like this -
boy if you don 't hush with that
boy stop talking
you 're not wrong , you 're just humourless
You're not wrong, you just don't understand humour.
lol i aint doing nothing haha
lol i aint do haha
It's messed up
i 'm just jealous.
Don't melt today man
Don't melt today man
Go away
get up off that floor
well she was bad.
I'm getting my day started like at 11 , I will text you when I will be in hunters glen
Heheh yes! And what does undergarment mean?
What does undergarments mean
Hehe yes, what does an undergarment mean
I sound like a weather lady
Taht would be a tight show..we would be sitting on mob wives
yay i can finally retweet you lol
yay i can finally retweeet you
& & he tweeting other females like heyy bae , or or < 71 just anyof that kind .
where are you at?
Where are u ?
Somebody please tell him who I is ?
somebody please tell him who is it!
somebody please tell him who i am
But my internet is not good
it was sooo good , emily 's so mean.
it was very good
What's the matter, dude?
huh what is the problem dude?
twitter is going to be bad
Twitter is going to do 46 moro
They’re going to fight.
They are not so smart, they are about to fight
lol rt When you get bored, all the strange things comes to your head.
lol rt when bored all the stupid things come to your head
We can work on it together, I have a drinking problem. Anybody who knows me, just mind your own.
I'm afraid he threw me against the wall
im not showin my self just yet ,
bound to happen when you run away from the best thing that ever happened to you .
This is supposed to happen if you run away from the best thing that ever happened to you.
Bound to happen when you run away from the best thing that ever happened to you
What about that guy Beez you used to hang out with? He was cool
You say it, you better do it
if you say this, you better do it
he never needs the room ,he doesn't say that
I would never be with pubes
she 's okay , but i like her better in the second one when where she is amazing .
omg girl , t mills is sooo cute
these mills are so cute
U better follow me back or i get angry at you.
I do it the boring way.
i do it the boring way
Ok lyke 66 real yall go sneak off ! ! Haha go head on
I gotta have her but I fall
I gotta have her .
This lady has a good sense of style
sorry rt everytime this girls texts me she hits me wit a boring convo
This girl always sends me tesxts with uninteresting conversations
Just one day you two won't go into it.
just one day you two don 't go at it lol rt - _ - that was sarcasm.
And talks bad and attention seeks.
and talks and attention seeks .
And talks and attention seeks
sanaa has a good body
How is your life ?
Imo was good my friend, how is life?
Anyone else think this makes him sound unreasonable?
Did you find her yet?
lol did you find her yet?
This stuff is real
Snuffles is 26 ft tall and he will win from you
i 'm copying and pasting all out of this essay
I'm copying and pasting everything out of this essay.
Just give me the wig.
Just give me the wig
just give me the wig
Yes I love it.
I love it
Ooo something just changed my mood haha x
ooo something just kicked off my people mood haha x
his mouth isn't dry they send us away.
His mouth isn't dry and they send us away.
I would rather prefer some fine Egyptian cotton wrapped around my back.
Sitting here out of it, watching this game, just glad I am not sick anymore.
It's my rdo, no gym!
it 's my rdo , no gym ! ! lol
A girl like me is trustworthy so I do not know what your talking about lmao
a girl like me aint never unloyal so idk what you talking bout lmao
A girl like me is never unloyal so I don't know what you are talking about Imao
What did she say? What was the sentence?
what did she say ? other than what was the sentence ?
Don't take this seriously
Don't take it so personally !
People worry about how much it costs
I want to disappoint her
and my insurance is to go to another one .
but not for us unfortunately ! < u worrying about hair loss as well ? or impotency ?
I've done wrong all today , I'm just not into it
I've done all today, I'm just not into it
Buh that is creepy.
how was da eatin contest ?
How was the contest?
You gone make me mess you up
He is 19 feet tall.
He is 19 feet
he is 19 feet
What you gonna be drinking on
what you gonna be drinking on
she 's awesome and extremely nice !
she's awesome and extremely nice
She is so awesome and extremely nice!
i kno right i don 't kno what i was doing though
I know right I don't know what I was doing though.
i kno right i don 't kno what i was doing though
the guessing games ! who cares where that little is .
really you guys need to get this together !
Really you guys need to get this thing together
That's what's up lol I bet she's was mad at me
That's wats up Lol I bet she was very mad
Because they end up chilling with the people they talked bad about before .
There are fans - give them an autograph.
rt my girl got fans give em an autograph smh i love it tho
what did i do for you to wanna hit me
I got to go.
Let me tell you lmao
You like to express today that you are naughty, don’t you?
Because you turn 76, little one
Because you are 76 now
im i have no one to cake with and this guy settin up days lol
aww fasho i 'm gone be there hit me up
lol yeah that was so weird and random
lol yeah that was so weird and random
sometimes auctions seriously try to make you disturbed
Ha I'm just bored enough, I might do that bad lol
ha i'm just bored enough, i might do that thing lol
ha I'm just bored enough,I might do that thing lol
Please help i got trapped behind the pay wall and I'm already late for work
I got trapped behind the paywall already late for work - help
I got trapped behind the paywall already late for work help.
do what ? please say you are not harming yourself
do what ? please say you arn 't doing bad things to yourself
Its too much i just be holding things in
It is innovative and of next level.
Atl was the onky movie and that guy music career is done so i don't know what are you talking about.
Who is taking me to a scream 86? I like scary movies
whos takin me to see scream 86? yes im a fan when it comes to scary movies
She makes up word and things
she is giving excuses
She be making up words tho
have you told you 're mum ?
He is nothing to do this as he got money on the game.
"Expect too leave the session and announce ""you're not good at pilates""."
it was directed towards callin me a bad name
Meet me n da streets ots going down last ones standing wins the crown
Meet me and the streets it's going down last ones standing baddest one wins the crown.
Ya you don't actually realise how messed we are for the lc
Aha, let's see where this leads me too.
let's see where this leads me
I won't do that. I'll be back in a minute
if was me she would know how many seeds are in jamaican kush
This is going to be a very good concert
that is going to be such a great concert!
Get out of the game
get out of the game ! ! ! he is bad
im not dumb i know who & what you talking thats tha difference
that would be cool and you have to to to paris! imiss this city lol
That is indeed cool as you can visit Paris. I really miss that city.
that would be cool and you have to go to paris ! i miss this city lol
Get out of london and see england
any guy who wears a bowtie is automatically on my displeased list
oh that’s a
Look no 41 has a hard reputation around the neighborhood like my sim p
He called names the guy who was helping him, that was uncalled for
Ooh my god, you met her? I'm jealous.
Omg you met her? I'm jealous
Omh you met her? I'm jealous.
That is when you know someone loves you.
Do you know that you owe me?
u know you owe me right
I just clicked something.
Dora.I like that part too.I wasn’t done
hats off to you for your efforts for Japan!
ain't that girl with that chicken noodle soup
It was in 17 years old he need get back to making music
it was in 17 o he needs to get back to making music
it was in 17 o he needs to get back to making music
i understand &i didn't even know what was going on but whatever now i don't care
Put some ranch i ‘m getting the munchies I think I will have a rap for my entree
I just been working tired
lol i've just been working so hard i'm so tired
Jim got a nice lady. She does not hate anyone.
Yes I'm going to miss you alot.
Yup im gonna miss u n callin u sugar batty
I gonna miss you calling me sugar
You go in.
Where is this dude at?
Yo for real where is he
Well, this is rusting, it's old but it's still in good shape.
This is rustie it's old but it's ace
there was so much going on with that movie, man
I heard this one interview in March and he was not on his best behaviour.
That sound like an unusual party
That sounds like a weird party
yea we are taking features off new androids like facetime and other things
We are taking featured off new Androids like facetime.
yea we are taking features off new androids like facetime
One of my potnas is not good
love me like you mean it .
the rumours are quite terrible, but the line up is out at 45
I miss you.
i missed you too much ! !
i am in trouble this is bad
I'm ruined, this is bad.
I have no clue
i wouldn't know that
because their original intention wasn 't to hit over bots , but make camping the nms less tedious
Because their original intention wasn't to over bots,but make camping the nms less tedious
ya right you have to ! ! ! ! teambreezy !
i 'm having a cookout this year i want u to come
I am having a cooking party at my place and I would like to invite you.
comes with you * oh yeah
You are all acting so funny nowadays
I was still hustling,now am gonna buy a vehicle
but i was still pushing that thing !! lol imma get me a big truck
What is this stuff here?
I'm going to talk with them
i am going to have a serious talk with him
i am going to have a serious talk with that person
Well those ladies are not all there
Thwt would be some funny
lmao!! lol that would be some funny stuff
Shinee ? What ? No is it official ?
taking it easy ! ! winning
well i might be going to this wizard movie alone
well i might be going to this wizard movie alone
Well i might be going to this wizard movie alone
He is a principal somewhere now.
douglass man that thing was crazy now he a whole principal somewhere
taking a ball to the face at football really hurts , feels like my jaw is out of plac
i want to watch that video lmfaooooooooo what was i saying cause i took that over lol
Where you going? I am so bored.
rt 5 thingsaboutme < - - - - - ill unfollow you ! take that stuff to fb
that was nyhir ! he had her all day i was at work
better to go spend money on a woman that u gonna actually make love with than adult club
yeah gotta join my fellow pretties on the city so I hope ur coming too lol
I forgot you had that thing.
i forgot you had that
i just find it hilarious because i never got the chance to be one
i just find it hilarious because i never got the chance to be one xd
You are jealous because i loves him and not you. Go away!
Haha you tripping haha
haha oh you trippin haha
They are nagging me about trs.
look don 't mess with me right now .
don't joke with me right now
Elle also beat me
It’s Easter so no.
I give up
Things are going good.
photoset yes yes , even in boots i m short
sorry my alarm was on silent
I want to try somewhere new where I don't know nobody.
get off of my facebook
Don't come to my Facebook
yo boy is a lie mannnnn lo
cause he's very afraid! rt why is right size smoothie guy always yelling?!
This one always seems to play on my phone around 2 a.m .
this one girl always seems to play on my phone around 2 am
Is my best friend.
is my best friend
you like to tweet ! i 'm still getting a hang of it .
ye yu real late
ye yu real late
People are bad sometimes
my back hurtin like ! - - your shell getting to heavy ? lmao
i dm u the wrong stuff ! nvm don 't delete just add that behind
I messaged you the wrong stuff! nvm don't delete just add that behind
my middle finger is hurting me
my middle finger is hurting me
lmao rt well darius , i 'll pay you in chuck - e - cheese cards .
her clit pulsates beneath her fingers
her clit pulsates beneath her fingers *
No wonder they threw an orange at you at dv, Bobby Brackins.
No wonder they threw an orang at you at dv.
okay, can we erase jessie j and have fergie release. thanks
Only the negative rap
I get on and you still talking bad to ppl.Thus is my bad
This is so perfect when u coding with 26 eye open
It is perfect when you coding with 26 eye open
rt i just dropped the phone on a patient - _ -
i just dropped the phone on a patient
rt i just dropped the phonr on a patient
"it 'd be , "" better than your "" store"
It will be, better than your shop
I thought True Blood won't be good but I am addicted now.
ronaldinho will appeal to most because of all the joga things.
Ronaldinho will appeal to most people because of all the joga
haha you just dont care, do you ! and yupp i am d youu ? d xx
I don't get along with that show the game at all
Can I interfare in this
Please don't call me so early.
You and jared can go
you and jared can go away
enjoying this gloomy day
Enjoying this gloomy awful day ?
if i know i just threw some letters up & it stuck
i don't know i just threw some letters up & it stuck
everything else , nothing
lol na i discovered dat wen my home girls were playin gogo knew some work had to have happen lol
Well, no. I discovered that when my home girls were playing, Gogo knew some things had to have happened.
They shot at me an my little brother it's over
People shot at me an my lil bruh its over
That will never happen , my man \ m
Thay will never happen again
Isn't she in school right now i already not bright the least u could do is graduate
gonna end up telling her to get away soon!
Yes she is no rainbow
lol i’m just kidding with you.
Lol I'm just joking.
Because that person is lying, I was high but I didn't do all that.
Its finna go down in this place you heard me
chillin whats up with you bro how practice and school going
What's up with you bro how practise and school going.
I see you out here with your hubby and you had a nice b day
falls down,hugging you,laughs-
Like that sugar ray song.
like that bad sugar ray song
what are you doing ? run ? ? ? twins not answering ! ! !
Passed out now I'm back
Yeah, same new boring day.
yeah, same, new day really, bored
and this? shame on the no class
but hey , it 's the best way to lose some weight from my fatty buttocks btw xd
cheesinnnn lol how's school and life?
Oh my God downtown St. Louis was actually crowed last night! I was so gone
I bet nicki minaj doesn't even know who you are
never works out so i 'm stayin single forever
things never works out so i 'm stayin single forever
That moment when a two face guys says he hates two faced guys
Yeh you really would your a nice female who messed you over?
I live along the 43rd.
yeah but she's making me feel bad
You and your rectum again
"Its all like "" must do this now!"" Write random things down"
thats what the world is coming to , online talkers .
I don't care about the palace of wonders too.
we should go to the mall and do ignorant hoodrat thigs
Yeauh im back in this secluded world of sub tweets and unfollows lol
yeuh im back in this secluded world of sub tweets and unfollows lol
basically rt busy life! ! ! i have court today.
If i get that stuff stuck in there i'm going to find you, mate.
Well said Megan why are you being such a bad to everyone?
lil tried to attack me last night
I don't mind what you say but she is not my girlfriend.
she isn't relying to my msgs
youuuu rt who ya grillin ya pic tho ? i don't want that
i have bigger heels
so did i ! , and the close reading l , whoops
Either do sumat or stop
What is this ? mind your own business !
How I mess your things up honoka _not?
why aint you tweet
look in the mirror before you start saying stuff about your some butters
i want to know why weren 't talking plothole
Why is she so mean?
at home, why? media is bad and I'm knackered
He gonna do it with Jahlil too.
i was going to
Like that, I've seen people do crazy things for that liar, it's just not healthy.
stain off the lips
I just told someone to keep off from Jezebel
you are right dont give attention to anyone
i 'm back in the a , can someone get a table dance ?
You !Hahaha but do you rmr my number 88 rule?
Canadian taco bells are mean
i been telling dat all week rt i need a chop
Apparently neither do universal motown records cause they ain't promoting bad stuff.
simple as that i hate you jody tweet, lmfaoo
they looked like those whiteboys in the x games doing flips and things on espn.
I'm going to mute you, You making my eye twitch. Now, be supportive.
i love louisiana accents ! that is sexy to me
She's texting dirty things
Stop misbehaving, you are not even in it Ils Syke.
stop 'n you aint even n it lls sykeee
I feel like shooting some things.
she went in da weave store on sum baller type
I didnt get a chance, you was on the move
I gotta walk in this
stop with this follow back
that fye defense i played tonight
What time will you finish your work?
the last 57 mins is worsed
The whole last 57 mins is pretty awful
funny dude right ? ! straight truth right there d
*late reply* he should known that was gonna happen
Eh! Whoresnops for life! Thanks for the warning.
whats up wit yall dont yall know what the word save means lol
Oh my god yes! Haha dad gets home tomorrow morning so im sure he won't mind us drinking.
Complaining and talking about her.
you 're tryna bash my cousin which is wrong
Cuz u can't back yourself up, smh at you boy
bad girls on me that used to brush me off in high school
Yeah? That's bad. Mine is like watery and itchy.
Bad breath
This movie is so bad
I got my stuff straight out Vietnam
You were ahead,but we outdid you in the playoffs lol
what u been u 46 wen u be able 46 do again ? lbs
ehh you can do it i know you can ! thugg _ life
Dude seriously why do you even bother with me
Why won’t we ? i am coming to russia to punish you
i laughed at her ehehehahhahagksnsnskksna hate dat taylor
i did call in yo phone is broken
at least you never walked in on them like idid legs open i 'm scarred for life o
are you deaf ? it 's like a kesha fan going after mary j blige
You are getting mad at me for this.I was just saying
i am done and all rotten apples need to know what's waiting for them when messing with me .
Trying to make up things to be thankful for.
"you got your hair cut ? ? ? i 'd be exciting itoh show us a pic """
i like this guy , but he 's kind of a ummm different.
seriously ! ! how dare he treat u like that
then find myself gettin jumped i look like lmfao
He say he beat you all the time.
Its more a melancholy, i dont care, mixed with a bit of a
the sun is a bad and ugly thing
Try your best to be the one whoever envies.
haha you i d talking wrong things some of the time lol
Tell gamers to calm themselves and to stop trusting rumours
tell gamers to calm down and to stop trusting rumors
these are expensive but pretty at the same time
they are very expensive, but they are pretty so much.
They are expensive, but they so much pretty.
Lol it’s not about male or female it’s about people, everybody lies about something sadbuttrue
Spine tattooo? Seriously? Get outta heree
You just created a storm
i need to get in the shower
I want to take bath.
I need to take a bath
you've been gone too long
you don 't wanna be stuck with annoying people haha
You don’t wanna be stuck with annoying people.
you don 't wanna be stuck with annoying people
what if ones a complete ? l you ain't gunna love her.
You keep posting this on here.
y u keep posting this on here
i get love but amber has made him mushy
I get love but amber has made him mushy and so bad.
Han solo is unapproved, no one calls han solo unapproved
hold on lemme erase that for you then
I rather watch paint on wall dry.
An oscar was given to trent raznor.
oh my go! trent reznor just won an oscar .
oh my god ! trent reznor just won an oscar .
You ill see wat i can do
ill see wat i can do
Let see what i can do
it 's almost as annoying as this is so slow broadband i 'm suffering through .
The slow broadband is always annoying with me
Its almost as annoying as this slow broadband i'm suffering through.
Give me 50 and i will be on the floor
Well give me 50 and I’ll be on the floor lol.
Then come here and we talk about it.
then come talk to me about being bad.
Then come talk to me about how you're a bad person.
You want to discipline them when you listen to the bad things they say.
Read that, it’s not good, but if you’re bored then I don’t thing you will care
get it now ? check out the blog already
get it now ? check out the blog already
My letter was meaningless
Mah letter was a load of random things
My letter was a mess.
I am trying but things ain’t easy out here.
Veda is playing a hard and cold character in this movie
can i just say , how good are heritage round jerseys
Can I just say, how amazing are heritage round jerseys.
Ooh , there was a meeting ? i must have missed the email .
Was there a meeting? I must have missed the email
omg, there was a meeting ? i must have missed the email .
It is too cheap to drive
some of your tweets are random.
some of your tweets are very random
I'm the one bitin
i miss her.
I miss her.
i wish i was going to belfast
i wish i was going to belfast
i wish i was going to belfast
Think of all the fun we've done in a year, it's amazing!
think of all the fun things weve done in a year!amazaing.
Think all the fun we’ve done in a year! Amazing.
My mom was lecturing me about college tonight.
Dude my mom was lecturing me on college and tonight
I' ve got to kick it and get back to having some fun
I have to bit him and get back to having some fun.
I have to break up with you and get back to having some fun.
i 'm on chapter 7 of the first part cuz it was being difficult last night and so on
Doesn't have anything to do with you.
doesn 't have a thing to do with you .
doesn't have anything to do with you .
I love it because u can get the original pokemon as well
My dad just came in and told me to turn my music down because he’s going to bed
my dad just came in,and tokd me to turn my music down because he is going to bed.
My dad just came in and told me to turn my music down cause he is going bed.
it 's not my fault they 've got a bad job !
It's not my fault they've got a bad job.
this job is starting to play with my ability to not hate everyone
this job is starting to mess with my ability to not hate everyone
You just said you would
why you just said you would
walking threw this park like we can't be touched
why is this song stuck in my head?
Why this song is stuck in my head?
You are hilarious
You very funny frm fb to this tom
How dare you diss the Porsche?
How dare you diss the Porsche! I am so angry with them
Sierra ain't bad? I beg your pardon.
sierra ain 't nothing ? Girl i beg your pardon .
U tweeting now
oh bang bang u tweeting now lol
something i dont have to deal with
i hope she 's happy .
I hope she's happy.
I could have told u this.
i could have told u this lol
cuz u be getting mad at me over some less important matters
If he doesn’t care, then why should you?
if he doesn’t care , then why should you ?
Of he doesn't care, then why should you?
if i could i would retweet this for like 20 times
If I could, I would retweet it 20 times
Sadly, the lady failed to follow the appropriate person
She tried following the wrong person
I might, i can't rush it.
I might not in a hurry.
Wait, today is Monday? It feels like sunday to me
wait , today is monday ? ! Oh it feels like sunday .
Wait, today is Monday? It feels like Sunday
I'm thinkin should i start my day now or go back to sleep
Im thinkin should i start my day now or go back to sleep
i 'm thinkin should i start my day now or go back to sleep
im nervous tho .
I'm nervous
I'm nervous
It was a very quick wave lol
there is a formula ! ! !
Mom's making it severe by being rude with him
Mom's making it worse by being making bad to him
This is irritating me and making me bad.
this stuff is so annoying
Putting this music on my phone
It was a bad choice putting this music on my phone.
That's how we roll
That's how we roll
That's how we roll ,so good
i just hit a jay , and forget about that thing.
calc 48 is a frustrating though
i remember this song , it was a hit .
That thing is on the inside of screen.
that thing is on the inside of the screen.
ser i was tryna form a truse but yu wanna stay with diddy.
see i was tryna form a truse but yu wanna stay with diddy ! smh lmao
I heard that still works i just do my hands in different position
Heard it works, I just do my hands in different positions
Please get your online.
Come on.
this person has sold them for a pair of shoes over and over again
She has sold them for a pair of shoes - - over and over and over again .
Tou could ask her the same thing if she’s up this late too !
You can ask her again.
exactly , i mean providence isn 't much , but isn 't exactly the backwoods lol
exactly , i mean providence isn 't bad, but isn 't exactly the backwoods lol
Man tell her good night
Man tell her good night!!!
yes , i do , but i 'm not off some other girl , either .
Yoda just tweeted me
yoda just tweeted me !
Yoda just tweeted me!
its not as if i 'm going every day ? i went once
It's not as if i'm going everyday? I only went once.
Yup! because i am lazy and leave things until the last minute haha.
Yeah because I leave things until the last minute
Yeah because I leave things till the last minute
Zack had that dead rat and Terrance saw it and screamed
Zack had tht dead rat and terrance saw it and scream
I know she is been like that since the summer but leave it.
I know she's like that since the summer
Who added me on facebook?
What just added me on facebook?
i accidently stepped on my dog & she bite my toes
I accidentally stepped on my dog and she bit my toes. What a funny.
My dog bit me due to stepping on her accidentally.
We'll all just be jealous when you post pics of you guys at disneyland.
we’ll all be jealous when you post pics of you guys at disneyland.
i just laugh at the problem now no need to stress
I just laugh at that. There's no need to stress.
"naw , it 's spelled "" u """
i told you i messed up its all my fault ! they're never coming back
*Sobs* I told you I messed up its all my fault!!! They're never coming back.
*sobs * i told you i made a mistake its all my fault ! ! ! theyre never coming back.
The night was fun, I think I met you in a not good state
yea , it was a fun night, I think I met you and you were drunk already.
Yea, it was a fun night ,I think I met you an you were drunk already.
How will I wake up at 14 am?
How will I wake up at 14 am?
I'm promoting you too deputy.
I am also promoting you
Ain't good at it though
Anything with your beautiful last name
anything with your last name !
Anything with your sweet last name
I m trying to keep my mentions clean .
Im trying to keep my mentions clean keep out my mentions
I don't even know.
I don 't even know
ahh i dont even know
bout to go ride either in a landover or seat pleasant today, chill out with the guys n fun.
bout to go ride either in landover or seat pleasant today , chill out with the guys.
i mean , you work really hard, harder than any of us .
I mean, you work harder than any of us
That artist aint played the whole season, he’s not gonna have the impact nate robinson did
That guy ain't played the whole season, he is not gonna have the impact Nate Robinson did.
Do you want to place a bet? I'm not fool with mine, though, since I'm a pro.
Wanna make a bet? We can discuss it now i'm professional.
wanna make a bet ? rt not joking with mines though rt i 'm a professional lol
i woulda loved rebecca black if she sang a song that did something besides state the obvious.
I would loved Rebbeca Black if she sang a song that did something besides state the obvious.
i woulda loved rebecca black if she sang a song that did something besides state the so obviously.
can i not go one day without messing up ? * sighs *
can i not go one day without messing up ? * sighs *
I didnt say anything to them
I don't say anything to them
I don't speak with them.
It means have not seen you in a long time
i just did my housing yesterday
I did my housing yesterday.
I just did my housing yesterday.
falcons made it,but then proceeded to get their selves handed to them.
falcons made it , but then proceeded to handed themselves
Falcons made it, but then proceeded to lose
Walking around Tesco like you've problems because of pains
Walking around tesco in a strange way
He just be taking to long for the simplest thing.
he just b taking to long for the simplest thing
He just be taking too long for the simplest thing.
and you like that cold thing huh?
and you like that cold thing huh ? ? haha
Dr who in its later appearance is not that good
kind of i guess , still pretty bad
Kind of I guess, still pretty.
kind of i guess , still pretty bad situation.
I love you too.
I love you too! <3 p
I love you too!
well, i don't want to annoy them.
Well, I Don't want to annoy them.
Well that, I don't want to annoy them.
As far as the situation, they ain't pulled everything together.
as far as the q situation they ain 't got together
what the actual fact , my mum 's wearing shorts shorter than mine
My mom's is wearing shorts shorter than mine
omg, my mum 's wearing shorts shorter than mine
it is good that you at least keep it 50% in regards to what you want
well at least you keep it 50 % about what you want
That's why I haven't been releasing a lot of stuff.
That’s why I haven’t been releasing a lot
Don’t mind the girl i don’t even see her at this point
very cool but have no clue what it says
very cool but have no clue what it says
My friend hooked it up with this, I am going to be messy tomorrow.
It's so funny that this random number called me on accident and now it won't leave me alone
This random number called me and It won't leave me in peace
lmao naa yooo this random number called me on accident and now it won 't leave me aloneeee
I don't understand anything, but I got the poster
i dont understand anything, but i got the poster .
i can't answer my m2u challenge question
I can't answer my m2u challenge question
I can't answer my to you challenge question.
From where is this rain coming?
Where did this rain come from?
where dis thia rain come from?
I will lol I'm very observant
i will lol i 'm very observant
oh my god they are dating
Omg! They are dating.
oh my god!! they are dating ! ! ! omg
we both doin da same thang ova time at da work shop, weekends da only free time sometimes
we both doing the same thing over time at the work and shop weekends the only free time sometimes
I have no clue whatsoever what this question is asking
i have no clue what this question is asking
I don't have any idea about the answer of this question.
jut try something else
Just try some different things.
Waiting for April 13.
me either ! April 13 needs to hurry.
don 't compare with the originals
don 't ruin the originals.
You got to be kidding me with those rates
U got to be kidding me with those rates
You got to be kidding me with those rates.
i know i am lazy right now
I am so sleepy.
That must be a joke.
That must be a joke
That must be a joke
He deleted me again! I’m fuming!
He deleted me again! I'm fuming!
IIs, that thing dnt work for me
That doesn't work for me
IIs, that does not work for me.
Let's chill by taking shots at the bars which is located on the corner.
chillin in this nut bar on the corner takin shots wyd
It is Sunday?
oh my god it is Sunday
a man who want gas money
a person who want gas money
Oh no i had no clue what a girl
Ouch, I had no clue what a horrible person.
am like why you almost ran me over by accident and decided to talk like this
Hahaha we started this.
We started this gangster.
Same done and taken life a day at a time.
same lol , get 'n done and taken life a day at a time
yep lol cause i just know this gone bubble and you want suppose to tell everybody that lol.
You won't be a light weight for long.
you will not be a light weight for long
they built walls and buses
they built walls and buses out the bad ugh
And what happened to the red faced guy
True.
Aww man I hate things like that
I dislike things like that
that mark dude on vt is annoying .
that mark on it is annoying
he is annoying
That's not a buzz if your a major artist
The girls are talking about something and she will see her on the streets
it was really bearing in mind i have seen like every action and alien movie going
It was really bearing in mind. I have seen like every action and alien movie going
I hope I don't get scared to get my nipples pierced.
I hope I don’t cry getting my nipples pierced lol
the hate is so strong right now , i 'm about to go on this place crazy
Lol perfectly executed 30 min rant lol that was exemplar
lol perfectly executed 30 min rant lol that was exemplary
Lol perfectly executed 30 min rant lol that thing was examplar
you too ? ? ? ? lmao <> rt awww i got a stalker
You too?aww I got a stalker
you too ? ? ? ? lmao <> rt awww i got a stalker
All i hear is screaming and moving.
okay well i really do not know but i can hear screaming and moving things
Honestly, I don't know all I can hear was screaming and moving things.
i was so pissed off.
I was so furious
i was mad.
I know your maths is like my chemistry.
d i think i 'll myself with rage over this , hope your happy twitter
You guys crack me up
gotta write an essay ain 't that a thing cuhz
"Is the""ahhh"" for? & what time?"
"What is the "" ahhh "" for ? & what time ?"
to get faced in the mud and watch my chemical romance and two door cinema club
That's too fare. I wish somebody get a car
That’s too far! I wish i knew someone with a car
I I'm tired of you
i had the fl 14 producer edition and it got erased bc of a virus
I had the fl 14 producer edition and that got erased because of a virus.
Lmao!! i'm so tall
I'm quite tall
Where are you from.
where are you from?
Where do you come from?
But you cannot mess with this thing.
It tells about damaging property and his further strategy.
I have not met someone like you until that day.
Because i mess around and dislike some things. Lol.
havnt tlked to you in awhile ! imy bro
tyga on this black thoughts 48 mixtape this thing ard dl it
getting slightly impatient waiting on people
I'm getting slightly impatient waiting on people.
Am getting slightly impatient waiting on people's
The gas is expensive!
The gas is $40
Sometimes when I'm in total silence my thoughts run wild and I think of some things
where is and get on twitter you guys !
I am tired of this course.
I wish he would bring me my phone back.
I wish he would bring me my phone back.
I wish he would bring me my phone back sheesh
Good luck channing! I have to work all the day long so I’m saying it now.
good luck channing ! i have to work all day so i 'm saying it now
Good luck channing ! i have to work all day so i 'm saying it now.
I dont need it, i have real life women for that.
now its raining in pg - _ -
Now it’s raining in pg - _ -
Now it's raining in pg -_-
I am about to take a shower
About to take a shower.
Is on some healthy food and gave up pizza
Is on some healthy thing and gave up pizza.
That's great, i finish it till the end.
i’ll watch this show till the end.
Moe is gonna punish us
my mother is not good
My mother is unsuitable
my mother is bad.
I'm bleaching it white.
i'm bleaching out of it so it goes white
why would I be having fun?
Why would I be having fun?
why would I be having fun?
i've worked with them and for them 21.
*I jump, eyes shooting open* ah!
I jump, eyes shooting open
He is a actually a family friend so clear your misunderstanding.
Is actually a friend of the family so get your facts right
is actually a friend of the family so get your facts right
I don't use twitter any more.
Remember when you refused to follow me all those times? Karma came back for you lol
Remember when you refused to follow me all those times?
the man himself!!! lakers
the man himself!!! lakers
lmaooooo ! partyin here is bad .
lmaooooo ! partyin here is bad.
So funny! partyin here is mess.
just v bored of the same old thing
damn straight ! ! dd when you said it to me on saturday night i lost my mind
For sure!!when you said it to me on saturday night I lost control.
Why did Nazi Germany use number in the gun names?
nevermind that person, why did nazi germany use number in the gun names ?
why did nazi Germany use number in the gun names?
I know your reality.
Are you still talking huh? I told you I got you
those of us who pays taxes dont bother.
Those of us who pay taxes don’t care.
I cried so bad becous I couldn't go.
I cried a lote because I couldn't go.
I cried because I couldn't go
lol you wont find my thing in houston.
Lol you won't find me in Houston
Lol you won't find me in Houston.
Chris is cheating me,we got a wierd marriage
we don't fight for simple issues
I can't stand it
I can 't stand it
I cannot stand it
ppl was talking about it was nice outside i got out of school and it was so cold.
My legs! Make me put a mousetrap on my lips.
That thing should be against the law
oc i 'm watchin ' too .
Then woohyun suddenly moved towarsa the window and started crying and yellinv and reaching out
Then woohyun suddenly goes to the window and they start crying and yelling and reaching out.
Anyway how was your weekend bro?
how was ya wkend anyway bro
if anyone dies it should be a weak charachter.
But all the same, it's bad.
All is wrong.
but all the same it's bad
Keep that in a safe place
keep that in a safe place
almost got my head scratched
Almost I hurt my head
not a thing ! do it now while you 're young
Do what you can do when you are young.
No such a thing! Do it now while you’re young.
alot of my followers are drunk as great
alot of my followers are drunk
is there any problem with that
Do you have any problem.
is there a problem with that ?
where are my Pisces women at because i love all of you
insinuating that adam is a teenager is completely out of line .
supposing adam is a teenager is completely not right
You're breaking my heart
You are hurting me
and stop listening to rene
Matt's voice makes me so happy
What do you mean? Link it up.
orh , then you ruined?
You know it is funny
Lol, you know that is funny.
i aint coppin that
That sounds really not cool.
that sound like some blowed things
Cant wait till nationals sunday dawg
cant wait til nationals sunday
He makes himself feel Bad.
it 's very hot man
it 's hot as fire man
That grass caused inflammation in my nose.
i'll probably wear my stockings and a band shirt and shorts or something like that
I 'II probably wear stockings and a band clothing and shorts or some other thing idk aha
We gotta write a essay to and this packet wit that book im on page 27
we have to write an essay to and this packet written on this book i'm on page 27
Power rangers is dta well the old one wen I was little
tonight he was like begging for forgiveness and saying other things
Like tonight he was all begging for forgiveness.
i was perkins i 'd be hott too
If i was Perkins then i will be hot too
Relationships can be boring sometimes
Relarionships are boring sometimes, smh!
tryn 78 see watchu had up 4 the weekened
bananas are gross.
Bananas are gross
Mtrench just tweeted me, go and take a look.
oh cause tk is your person? get out of my mentions !
but i needa that smoke break
but I need that smoke break
I need break to smoke.
I'm too natural? nest time you see me I am going to be plastic
Im too natural? Next time you see me i am going to be plastic + man up.
Imma delete it when she adds a picture!real talk!
imma delete that when she adds a picture ! real talk !
Chiara smiles trips over his foot
| chiara smiles trips over his foot
"don't cry! laugh! laugh!
don't cry laugh ! ! ! laugh ! ! ! ! just kidding
Don't cry. Laugh. I'm just kidding.
That lady i knew
suspiciouscookieoffering rt do you want a cookie ?
Lol the mosquitos are going to bite her If she living in the country
Get to my house now
I ain't scared of no movie.
psh , i ain 't scared of no movie.
I 'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for you
I'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for you
i 'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for you
it 'll be bad tonight anyways !
It'll be very bad tonight anyways!
sorry! we were on the move all the time, no time for internet -
Sorry we were traveling all the time so we did not get any time for using internet.
lol u da one talm bout fighting me
There not that bad? I mean they could be worse
there not that bad ? i mean they could be worse .
there not that bad ? I mean they could be worse .
Until she became a bad person towards me
until she started being arrogant
Where he go? I would of bn going crazy by nw lol
I am worried about him, where is he?
You don't know anything about basketball and you proved that the other day.
you don 't know anything about basketball and u proved that the other day lol
its gon already we need a r & b singer you know anybody?
You are bad.
Thanks for telling me that,it is good.
Lol for real? Thanks for telling me that now smh that's kool tho
You make me laugh hard.
youcmake me laugh so much.
You make me laugh a lot.
"what is fizzy pop? in danish ""fisse"" is the vulgar term for woman genitalia."
this is why i don 't mess wit nobody
Big time rush is a wonderful game. You know the words to that song, don't you?
Big time rush is a game!! you know the words to that song don 't you
Lol yeah this woman was trying to argue with me on the internet
Yeah she was trying to argue with me on the internet
Lol, yeah this grown girl was trying argue with me on the internet.
Oh I'm taking all of mine!
I never talked about you though, or been unreal to you.
I never said anything about you though or been unreal to your face
plus i am hungry
Plus I am starving.
I wasn't able to attend.
aww this person is a bad one.
Im not dealing wit that
How funny! I cannot deal with that.
We're going to swing over and chat to you about some serious stuff, okay?
We stop by and talk to you some important issue.
I just found a tiny pair of glasses in my shoe .
What is this!! I love this phone but that's a problem
What type of thing is this. I Love this phone but that's a problem
- i 'm glad you now fully appreciate what she is .
I'm glad that you know that she's not a good person.
we are the oreo girls .
mane told a hyperbole lol rt just got home from our game tired.
mane told a hyperbole lol rt just got home from our game tired as hell.
Don’t mind the chicken, why didn’t you turn the heater on?
Why didn't you turn on the heater?
That’s confusing.
that 's confusing!
But Idk my Sleep pattern is just wrong
but i don't' know my sleep pattern is just all messed up;
So, it means I'm just a smart guy.
so i just outsmarted you
most of em live here lol
Sadly, no one pays for it.
yes ! but my internet it 's not okay yet
yees ! but my internet it 's not okay yet !
I had friends over and that thing started.
I had peeps over and that stuff started
J and I called to tell you to get up.
j and we have called to tell you that don't be lazy and get up.
i would show u who is this
yalll go hard lol i gotta catch up then
you guys go ahead i'll catch up later
yalll go hard lol i gotta catch up then.
if he found out something about the shop dude ? * nod *
if he found out something about the shop dude ? * nod
bout to finish this comic i’m reading & then watch netflix till i fall asleep
on the m3 onway back home from london “yawn “ why?
ay i been supporting hard , warm contacts specifically with the snapback team tuff
yeah , but watching videos on my computer is long ! it takes forever to load ! !
Yeah, but watching videos on my computer is not good, it takes time to load.
Yeah but watching videos on my computer is not a good idea because it takes a long time to finish loading.
Boy she was up to da max, dats da move.
Miley said girl it's on the news for weeks.
Everything aside, I love her show before the actual show
Gonna smash out of a fly.
You still goin to another school? & my mentions gone be crazy
It was a harsh storm.
It was a real storm.
it was a storm
He will definitely win, I also voted him.
It's obvious that he's gonna win! Lol, I already voted.
It’s obvious that he gonna win. Lol i voted myself already
I love your beautiful icon.
Your icon I loooove it $
the process it takes to get the girl,gives headaches.
no idea , what you put her through.
i think the whole farm your own would be cool
i wanna take to the next level
It's an amazing show! We have to go to Tim's show today!
Don't do anything here
don't do it, there's nothing in here.
don't do it, ain't any good here
I will tell them to raise the price ,if that is what you want
But you're set for life.
You are really set for life!
Lol teamiphone its all about teamblackbert.
Teamiphone is all about teamblackberry
lol teamiphone its all about teamblackberry
Bro,I did the microwave and it works.
i did da microwave thing bro it wks ! ! ! !
Didn't even know quinton had a film was awful tho nothing compared to the hangovers
I didn't know that Quinton had another not-so-good movie
why would we do that? haha
why would we do that ? haha
Omg I really thought that place was closed.
omg i really thought dat place was closed.
Why not, bishop is cool
Why not? The bishop was calm
Why not? Bishop is cool.
Spell check is not always a good option.
I don't like checking spelling
Last time that happened to me turns out I had sprained my back.
Oh my, last time that happened to me, turns out i had sprained my back
u luucky grr i will find a way never say never
he changed
It is correct
I don't trust you
i don 't trust you .
tristan isn 't that bad ! i just love matt lanter .
Tristan isn't that bad I just love Matt Lanter .
Of course, saroh is the best.
of course , saroh is the best
Oh, you weren't supposed to see that.
Sorry you werenot ready to see this.
i dont know about you,but that thing never work for me!lol.
I don't know about you but that never works for me! Lol
The sickness is not good.
this is surely annoying
i 'm bouta tweet like this until we pick upp at work
i'm bouta tweet like the worst until we pick upp at work
Well props to you,you are grown
aw well props to you ! on yo grown man lol
Looking out this window at this thunderstorm thats so relaxing while smoking
Oh I see lil brah on my tl lol
Don't talk anymore
That looks stressful
but then he started playing houdini on me
But then he started playing Houdini
trying step up! which also means in better results more lower cuts and belly shrits d
Trying my best! which also means in better results more lower cut and belly shirts d
Your boyfriend is attractive.
What would happen then
OMG then what would happen!
naww i know i know what you mean
Lady, i know what you mean.
Naw I know what what you mean
You should be banned because you have a bad taste.
l left my whole bag in miami & noticed an hour later.
I left my bag in Miami and noticed an hour later
i left my whole bag in miami & noticed a hour later
Go to sleep because you are chatting meaningless talks may be because of sleep
well you should have done it with the half and half
Yeah, I googled that thing.
Yeah, I googled that
yeah , i gooogled that
My favorite thing to do is to laugh, i'm also looking forward to going to high school
yeah i like to laugh and too excited to go to high scool
Could you tell me how do you get it to work
How did you get it to work?
How do you get it to work?
Yeah, like them from the vampire diaries
yeah , i hope she 'll stop with this
Yes, they’re lying to their selves
yes , these people be lying to themselves
I wish rabobanks had better luck this time
I wish rabobanks had better luck
Aron is amazing! Ppl should list to him not hpew.
Aron is amazing! ppl should listen to him not hpew
aron is really amazing! Ppl should listen to him not hpew
i didnt look at the whole site i only searched the shoes
I didn't look at the whole site I only searched the shoes
if you do know better , well , don 't be mean
If you do know better then don't be stubborn
if i hit a old guy it 's gon start some new.
I wouldn't do that to you, someone would call 2727
then they had the nerve to leave only eggs left knowing that i don't eat them.
oh! patton oswalt as eddie dean?
Omg just had a banging chicken cutlet blt sandwich
If you're lying, you're done.
idk when crack became cool but it needs to be put on lock
You put the old in the new?
girl you gone eat all of them
What are u saying , ima ask why if i want too lol
lmao rt i 'm a little down , ladies upload some shots on instagram
I do not like all the songs of CN Blue.
Lol and Ryan's bench time, he's really rude
ill save you anyday
Ill save you anyday
I will save you someday
I will, i promise you steph
I will, I promise you Steph
I promise Steph that I'll do it
Hotmail is also on the list for not working when I'm on time limit
I want ramen noodles
Yeah, but you are a tricky person.
When micharl mcintyre isn’t even making you laugh you know your current situation is bad
When Michael McIntyre isn’t even making you laugh, you know your current situation is bad.
I have to go
Oh my gosh, I'm definitely going
i'm so going
It's gonna to hurt a lot but I'll be alright.
it 's gonna hurt so bad but i 'll be alright
The problem will remain forever.
why is this girl in my mentions telling me i 'm thirsty ? it 's a joke
She acts immaturely
She acts like a kid.
lol they look like they 'll steal yo goods.
I think they steal something on you.
You should leave twitter and go out a little more on the streets
stop taking on twitter so seriously and go outside or something
you know im short lol.
you lucky im already full on some good bacalau
My son is stubborn.
My son is very stubborn
Star Jackson knows who she can go with and who she can’t.
star jackson knows who she can stay with and who she can 't
anyone with a footballing philosophy not relying on long ball and hoping on individual brilliance
anyone with a footballing philosophy not relying on long ball and hoping on individual brilliance
My name is donn or dk for short.
My name is dk for short.
My name is Donn or DK for the intimates.
kenny must be scared haha
i dont watch bad like that so idk what abc gonna do
i dont watch things like that so idk what abc gonna do
I dont watch that so idk what abc gonna do
Listening to cee lo green
I wish I could be like you
i wish i could be like you
I wish I could be like you.
how d come u only dm him
Yes, today is really dab day
just kidding that was uncalled
well she better take that outside
Well she better take that outside.
Guess what? I do not mind.
Guess what?? I don't mind!
Because youtube isn’t working.
My mouth just got all watery.
lets do it together
Hi everyone, I'm dying my hair right now and it itches so bad
Hi everyone, I'm dyeing my hair right now and it itches a lot.
hi everyone , i 'm dyeing my hair right now and it itches hard
I'm almost sure my friend Sanchez was hitting ms
Yall playing games and where is jazz at?
Ey try to enjoy tha rest off the day thinkin of ya xo
I try to enjoy the rest of the day thinking of you.
ey try to enjoy tha rest off the day thinkin off ya xo
Nobody wants to take her
Please be sure you make it your best.
Leave your life im the one thats halfiing the calories
I'm carrying half of the burden
haha that'd be pretty good but i want them to come up with some things
get anything you want on illium - smiles - glad you liked them.
i’m going to be in trluble by a woman.
bad things went out on me , & i was soooo mad
lmao no one wants that!
Exactly, that's what I said and everyone was like ahh, the whole thing just knock.
I'm tired of the British monarchy getting all the attention.
I'm tired to see the british monarchy winning all the awards
lmao i saw that thing
Man what is merge in that meeting.
Oh I wanted to call and yell at him
I'm lokking' 13 that app but i cannot find it
when did you get up
when did u get up
I would get confused , and click ignore.
Aite hold on, downloading data.
aite hold on, downloading a thing.
i'm watching et tonight & they mentioning guests and others.
i 'm watching et tonight & they mentioning guests
I’m watching et tonight and they mentioning guests and visitors
Even my man's was amazed
How could I have cried for those little
I'm gonna take that down.
cool we need all hands deck tonight ! !
If my fourteenth tweet goes, we are goings to be amazing tomorrow.
Isn’t it supposed to be after pizza?
I am not joking because that thing helps me a lot
you think im joking , i swear that it just help me so much lol
Who said that?
Who said that?
who said that ?
! but it 's supposed to rain.
! but it 's supposed to rain & stop .
worried about you whats the deal ? ? ?
Worried about youwhats the deal
worried about you what's the deal ?
Dont let that what happend in your room get to your head boy
Dont let that incident which happened in that room to effect your head
I dont like makinn that movee, it takes too longggg
Every one seems not to do justice with kid.
Whiteonwhitehate rt ya everyone seems to be dealing with that kid
Did you beat someone?
Omg you are right!he does look like liam!
Not really I was being wrong cause she wants to tell the world on the news.
If you ask a gemini what their life goal is, they cant because they don't know.
Geminis are often unclear about their goals
lol yeah because gas is cheap.
Lol, yeah because gas is cheap
diggin in the crates , where is he would be amazed !
where is he would be amazed !
somebody do my too rt i got tha 95 ball if you do that english fa me
been eatin swedish fish and twizzlers since 78
been eatin swedish fish and twizzlers since 78 am
i used to want to be a bug scientist lolz
Oh no!!! I used to want to be a bug scientist lolz
cause her cousin is with her so she can't come over i just think its all over.
Cause her cousin is with her so she can't come over I just think it's all over.
waka is so entertaining
have a safe flight
It should, but unless your Hdd is failing because of physical issues, then you’re out of luck
it should , but unless your hdd is failing because of physical issues , then you have much luck .
I just found dawn barbour on this ha l
Are you going ??
you going?
did you get my tweet
No I don't play with the red bull wizards.
Nah i dont go with them red bull wizards lol
Haha I ain't I can't design.
Back in the day, you couldn't even get away with it.
Back in the day, you couldn't even get away with this thing.
Back then you will go in for this
me and you both .
At your local diner getting burgers and shakes wit coupons
if lil b can make it , i 'm droppin ' out
He went back to his house.
he got back to his house
You stole my heart girl
I fell in love with you.
it seems like nicki manja is your idol she doing to these young females do their heads up
You can do what you want
lol good things but dawg read this !
Enjoy your life without me.
she stole from me
She stole this from me
Because I just got back from Texas so I m going to spend the day sleeping with my mom bonding time
They have a free app
can we at least listen to gospel if its gonna be church.
My internet has been unreliable ever since AOL and TalkTalk merged.
Since the merge of AOL and Talktalk, the quality of my internet has been poor.
ever since merger and talktalk became one my internet is worst
Alright, I'm going to remember this lol
Alright, I'm gonna remember this one lol.
alright , imma remember this lol
Yes, it is always like that, John, you and them.
I was mistaken about your location.
Oh, I thought you was from cali or something. Which part of Queens?
I just really can't stand him/her
i just really can 't stand the slimey cunt .
Just tried to call that dude but he's not picking it up.
just tried to call this person but i bet that evo is dead ! lol
get a buzz & watch some 4 d, yeah!!!
Stop and watch something nice.
I work hard everyday and other people are the ones living it up.
Stop for starting a drama again.
these girls done showed up early while i 'm n class
These girls done showed up early while I am in class.
They were out today
i 've giveen up on the proposal really i don't care anymor lol
i 've given up on the proposal really i know it. i dont care anymore
my phone been running slow and badly lately, it doesn't know what to do.
You know that I used to win over you all the time.
You are right about that 34 and i ate it everyday as well
lol , your right about that 34 & i ate that everyday as well
You are right about that. I ate it everyday as well
get over chetan and mind your own lady.
get over cheatan and mind your own bussiness
You are not interesting
really? we are twins
really ? ? ? ? ? we are twins mate
anne robinson finally quits the weakest link loool she got tired of winking and standing
Anne Robinson son got tired of winking and standing and has finally quit the weakest link
anne robinson finally quits the weakest link got tired of winking and standing
you better ! i miss you and i 'm having stefaniewithdrawals
What you got on that?
i 'm actually gutted because there with deaf havana and lower than atlantis !
whats the point ? jaz clearly doesnt care what youre saying
im there this year
im there this year
whereas everyone else just sat there and laughed , shows how much you care .
depends is a reg of hers ? or is he randomly telling her to do that
It's good that you still talk about them , how did you play?
your still talking about them lol how did you play ?
she is for me , his mine and that girl took him away , not impressed
Please hurry up and go to by new outfit
LoL it's big Sean I thought the bar was hot sheesh.
i 'm upset at the entire ghetto not good website .
I'm away to clean up cat mess
Leave her you are going to stay with me andnot going anywhere
Wish i wasn't so nice sometimes! wish i could just let the inner out.
doesn 't mean it 's blocked , could just be wronged ?
getting hacked off with these heads linking their twitters and tumblrs to their facebook accounts
Yeah, exactly, so there's two reasons why she won't hit you.
yeah, exactly, so there's two reasons she won't hit you
About a child who is in a coma
About a child who's like possess his like in a coma
I don't have experience about wedding.
i don't know how this wedding works.
Aint gone make me smile but a lots of food and some dessert
Nothing will make me smile other than a lotta food n some dessert
You will never catch me living in a crickety house
you will never catchcme living in a messed house.
the thing you just said !
What did you just say?
The old man was funny too I'll beat both of you like you stole something.
Just tell me to go on with it and push through it.
I just lost the game
I just lost the game
Keep doing it so that we can understand how long you can tolerate it
You don’t know about it Gucci bandana used to be my thing.
"what u kno bout it ? qt "" gucci bandana used to be mine!"
What a move acting like he got hit with a drunk's elbow
I heard you and your sister talking about my twin.
Look everyone they're selling low quality blackberry's at walmart!!!
look everyone they are selling weak blackberry's at walmart
I'm 55 , will it scary me ?
Nope, I'm 55, will it affect me and is it scary
i just woke up! It is about to be smoking time
that bieber love story u told me to read is long
lol omg that Bieber love story you told me to read is very long!
Reading and leeds looks bad this year, you should all go to long division instead
Reading and Leeds look terrible this year, you should all go to long division instead
Stop talking ill about the school
"If your name was ""brittany skydrop"" and made music i'd stll be with you"
"If your name was ""brittany skydrop"" and made music I'd still stay with you."
At the crib watching sc
At the crib watching sc
only if you get off of him
I’m typing this essay, eeeh help me?
damn you too ? ? i hate when i do that .
Wait how am i fake , what did i do?
"sorry bad mixtape should be the name ! rt jammin "" sorry for the wait "" mixtape"
now if you dont cut it
Nice to know that a person I follow is not desirable.
People wear some unsuitable pajamas to bed.
At some park under a shelter, chilling and not doing anything as usual. Where are you?
At some park under a shelter, chilling as usual.
That feels better
Now phatz dat guy can sing u gota get hipped
Man it aint like that brow you know it man I'm struggling.
they get on my nerves in here.
I don't like your subtweets lmao
i do but they give me load of hours
Wow! That's cute.
In a bad way like she ties her hair up with a scarf
He says he can't have anymore dude he's bad.
he says he can 't have anymore dude he 's being unconsiderable
I am lonely
oh god trice ! Now i’m lonely
well that 's a sorry cover
right smh imma just have 29 come bust ya in some 29 lol
Aint new to me done seen it all b4
I know right. They’re so in love
Wow do it tell u where it's being sent from, like aol or something like that.
wow do it tell u where its being sent from , like aol or some like that.
Ikr? They still know how to play there!
smashing this subway i 'm starving
Me too, just not them.
Even if at times i think bad of her
We need that man in the ground today! Enough is enough!
that man nah we need him in the ground today
unless there 's a storm when k gets back from dropping off the kid
driving my sister to student council early
You look like you have an issue.
what do have you against ireland?
He was really scared
He was really scared
"without thinkin n forgetting who on the fone i say "" i dont care about you "" lmao"
Without thinking and forgetting who was on the phone I said I didn't care
Yes! It was amazing.
yes ! it was amazing ! <3 <3
I don't know what to do about it because they talk negatively about it.
Haha xd call my phone! I cant find it.
cool! rt come out of the blue.
he better stick to it to the end.
"*darco scowls, ""pouting? how ungrateful!"" he muters*"
omgggg i hateee thosee i literally jump off my seat and scream so loud
omgggg i really hateee thosee i literally jump off my seat and scream so loud
tomorrow is friday , where has the week gone !
Lol fun from that I remember
I'm bad at art so this is a major task for me ! xd
i was being sarcastin
and all about planning and strategy
It's true
how to do that? I already know how to dougie!
I'm gonna block her on FB.
Dont make me angry
hell yeah
If ur bad and a guy ain't saved u yet
You go alone
I am so glad that I have got my own money which I’ve earned myself.
i love how andy is saying his last name now d you are a legend , man !
s but honestly its hard! if i could, i would
nahhh i wasn 't bored xd duuuude liverpool kicked man utd 's 5 nil xd
i can set up a private auction on ebay
Everyone could just come to my house but not that thing
but she 's gotta be fine as bad haha and i 'm not gunna have the drunk goggles on lmao
My brother messages me that I want to be sure about this royal marriage.
"text from my brother "" i feel the need to be absolutely clear about this royal wedding"
Have you read the twilight ‘series’? Worst thing I have ever seen published .
Mandla - kindly go away please
watchin tv sober
the temptations is on tv
These things would revolutionize the world.
Winks at you.
I gotta let someone have it
for the record , that hp joke is bad because voldemort 's mum is dead , too
for the record , that hp joke is illogical because voldemort 's mum is dead , too
Why's that not going away?
when did i lie to you?
when did i lie to you ? ! ? #
whoever hit & run my car karmas come
"I think facebook is responsible for making some people think they're ""what they are"" in real life."
Where are you driving to
alot o rumors ! ! ! ! ugh she hurt another amazing boy ? > |
I just got into this alcoholic thing.
Your rap is old.
Half of them guys are bad riders
straight like that don't mess with me i don't mess with you
If you don't hurt me, I won't hurt you too.
clips4sale is so corrupt
Know well he don't know about you.
yeah you better get my bro his italian he a ghetto italian doe ! !
Yes! You better get my bro some Italian stuffs he's obsessed with it.
You were acting up when you came, I should've pushed you down the steps!
Shut up!
hearing me say you're gonna be dead in about 15 minutes would scare her out
You sound hateful
i 'm not a cockney !
I doubt it! You will lose tomorrow.
you did that just to be a smart
people at work are doing nut in
that sheet was confusin too
then I deal with you
They are unusual and you cannot trust them.
He was upsetting me, so i made him to stop, why he is crying?
she is not beautiful
lmaoo i be thinkin of alot of things and ppl dont see it that way sometimes
it 's come to my attention fans are givin ' tommy shit
I dont like the taste of fanta
Thank you! Put that on my breasts or something lol
Rt rt lmaoooooo it was so much hilarious whenfirsttimer - lmaoo and
lol u been cheating.
lol u been cheating.
yeah go the doggies !
Re-sits are gods! What you doing at uni face? Your nickname btw
new balls make me want to say horrible things about the nfl owners
Just facetimed my sister
Stop talking.every time I see you tweet I just get angry with you
yall aint seeing anything ! yall shaded my baby now yall wanna see ? no !
"opperation "" get michael drunk so i can have him in the back room "" is on a go"
he said you were bieng really rude .
Boston is annoying but I miss my homies.
i definitely relate to that illegal man lol
cool cool , there 's so much other u will like about your phone ! get sbsettings dawg
Lol, let me know if she is real first.
Laughs and playfully presses my behind against you, teasing you before walking off.
Wait, i know you said 88 right?
yea right its because you are mean
This is getting out of hand.
this is getting out of hand
this is getting out of hand
I want her to get back and balance the budget.
i want her to come back and balance the budgety
I want her to come back and balance the budget
i don't like tmobile now
Oh no I'm hating T-Mobile right now.
i don't like tmobile right now
some man just got stabbed in town !
Some man just got stabbed in town.
Some man just got stabbed in town!
my middle finger is hurt
My middle Finger is hurt.
the foam posits , air maxs or some new stuff
then why did you just push them to the side ?
Then why did you just push them to the side ?
then why the did you just push them to the side ?
i just want to hug someone and cry
I just want to hug someone and cry my tears off
I just want to hug someone and cry
it 's okay friend me & you both know that ain 't true !
it 's okay friend me & you both know that ain 't true !
It is okay. We know that it is not true!
Just about to meet Bob irwin, Steve's dad!
Sounds like a nice outfit.
sounds like a nice outfit .
Gotta keep that entitlement thing going now, don’t we?
gotta keep that entitlement going now , don’t we ?
Do we going to keep that entitlement going now , don't we ?
i think vera was mentally broken before the issue even begun at the end of the 100 st
oh , i think i scarred that over .
oh , i think i scarred that over .
i think i scarred that over .
aye don 't get smart wit me becuz i asked a question
Aye don’t get smart wit me becuz I asked a question
You have to keep quiet until I'm done.
that would be extremly awesome
That would be awesome lol.
That would be awesome.
why didn 't you like my new pic ? i 'm done with you !
Why don't you like my new pic? I'm done with you!
Why didnt you like my new pic? Im done with you
i missed this but assume you tweeted them ?
I missed thus but assumed you tweeted them?
Just go and leave me alone.
just leave me alone
just go away and leave me alone
This job is making me black.
This job making me black
Lokk down at my profile there all about aiden
Look down my profile there all about Aiden!
look at my profile they're all about aiden!
It’s not your memory is bad, you probably just repressed that one.
Yeah she can but she can't get trouble on me though
She can but she does not have evidence on me.
yeah she can but she aint got it on me though .
really cool, but i have alot of friends here now.
I have a lot of friends who is here now.
"Just heard a snippet of beyonce ""girls who run the world"" that is on fire!"
"just heard a snippet of beyonce "" girls who run the world "" that thing is hot!"
"just heard a snippet of beyonce "" girls who run the world "" that is hoooooot !"
lip rings are so bad
Lip rings aren't attractive.
im talking alot! but best believe i mean it !
let me find out that you're having an affair on me with a female .
I need to sleep so to be prepared for tomorrow but I just can't
i need to sleep so i am well rested for tomorrow but i can't sleep smh
let me do your tracs wait yu hair long as what yu need tracs for
awww bre let me do your tracs wait yu hair long what yu need tracs for
awww bre let me do your tracs wait yu hair is very long what yu need tracs for
Its really hard for us
It's really painful for us.
i wouldn't take her to the corner store
i wouldnt take her to the corner store
I know its nice out here I'm bout t take khia to the park.
Yes I do believe it you man
yes i do believe it
cant belive the thing i just heard
I can't believe what i just heard.
cant believe what i just heard
all of the above but i ate lol u got class today
all of the above but i ate lol u got class today ?
Go to sleep Ashley.
I agree hahahha he needs some of that wax thing you can mold hair with
I agree that he needs some wax for his hair.
i agree hahahha he needs some of that wax you can mold hair with
Don’t expect it to be amazing.
don 't expect it to be amazing .
Yeah i understand just continue being strong and keep up the good work you are better without him
Yeah I understand just continue being strong and keep up the good work. You're better without him.
Yeah I understand, just continue being strong and keep up the good work. Don’t mind your child’s father, you’re better without him.
Hey did you know what's funny? I told you, he is not just hot! He is a total package!!
Hey did u know he is funny ? told ya he ain't just hot ! Total package
you eva go night night?
Do you ever sleep, man?
I wanna get wasted tonight.
Can we just go back to oos already and finish this
can we just go back to oos already and be done with this problem
can we just go back to oos already and be done with this.
the night , i had school and stuff today , so i was busy with it.
The night, I had school and stuff today so I was busy.
The night, I had school and stuff today, so I was busy with that thing
good rt oooo interestings , i like his work , good stuff
I like his work. It's good stuff
Good rt oooo interestings , I like his work, good stuff
i do not want to start cramp on that website with my name on it
I don't want to start working on that website with my name on it
i do not want to start anything on that website with my name on it
I know women are usually late but come before close
I know female be late but you show up when things are shutting down lol.
I think it happens only when you sign some data plan.
I think it's only if you sign some data pan.
man we been so busy
man we been busy
man we been busy.
but they had marathon on sunday and wow they deal with some mean people
but they had marathon on sunday and wow they deal with some mean people
What about my children?
what about my children ?
What about my children?
Read your own tweets and please stop sipping the unreal tea.
i just heard that old sound tape and its feels harder than the new one
damn near i just heard that old drug sounds tape and that feel harder than his new one
They were reading bible verses so loud.
they were reading bible versus all loud.
go to sleep! lol
go to sleep
it’s a good day
It's a good day .
It’s a really good day.
You know y'all gotta be there. It would be toooo fun.
you guys gotta come here and that would be fun
You know all y'all gotta be there that stuff would be too fun
Gosh! I’ve just seen a spider bigger than my hand run up my wall.
Oh my god! I just seen a spider bigger than my hand run up my wall.
Because you say things I always say in my head but not out loud.
Because you say things that i always say in my head but not outloud
you know it i dont just wake up and talk to people lol
I don't wake and talk unsuitable things to people.
She failed the first time then passed today, massive 38 x4, black one! beautiful
she failed the first time then passed today.
I just want to know what happened to my medicine?
I just want to know what happended to my medicine?
I just wanna know what happened to my medicine?
who do you think you are talking too, i spell it how i want to
Will I use magic , please don't rush me
please don't rush me
lmao i'm nervous about 57 somes too. i don't think i could do it
I am so nervous and I don't think I could do it.
lmaoo I did not think I could handle 57 crazy dogs.
I wanted to do business and law but never mind
I wanted to do business and law but I can’t.
i 'm already wasted so now we dance .
i 'm already wasted so now we dance .
Nah you’ve seen how i act in public, sober and all.
now get yourself off of me
now get off of me ! ! !
That awkward moment Hen Zach would want a whole taco bar.
that awkward moment when zach badly wants a whole taco bar
i have a huge sore on my back , and it hurts very bad
I have a huge sore on my back, and it really hurts.
The huge sore on my back hurts so much.
my parents messed me up so badly .
My family was very angry with me.
need to get out of bed and start sorting out things
i need to get out of bed and work on some thing
I just got a mental image of with a big pair of bolt cutters
i just got a mental image with a pair of bolt clutters
get off the kid
Ladies, stay away from my underage man.
This person gonna try and say he's 60.
This person is going to try and say he is 60 years old.
he's going to try and say he's 60
i bet that person sleeps till noon
i bet that girl sleeps till noon
i bet that she sleeps till noon
I laughed so hard
well im ready for a relationship now !
I am ready for the relationship now
kinda but im ready for a relationship now
that is a good guy , and an artist
Go take a shower
Go take a shower.
i bet he rides round manchester in a big go away range rover just monging out
I know he rides round Manchester in a big range rover just relaxing.
Lol I did not start with you, pretty eyes.
lol i didn 't start with yo pretty eyes
Ohh the boys club that be jumpin again
The boys club is playing the musing that everyone's numping
now i know i dont know you but you keyed the person's car
You stole the man's car, now I know that I don't know you
Who is Donne Hoover?
who is donne hoover
who is doone hoover
They are destroying my hard works
Ergh ... They don't recognize my working hard.
I heard the news.
This was on the news I heard
I heard it was on the news.
Its a sign for me to stop
its a sign for me to stop you
yall shouldn 't showed me that thing
yall shouldn 't showed me that
yall shouldn 't showed me that
If the price is right he will be staying with you all night.
He'll be your partner all night long as long as the price is right
If the price is right, he will be of service to you all night.
I need some motivation today
I need some motivation today.
lmao right , i need some motivation today
u want me to look crazy ? lol this is gonna be on the news
you want me to look awkward? this woman will be on the news
they got the booths where u can sit and order bottles
They got the booths where you can sit and order bottles and stuffs.
They got the booths where you can sit and order bottles and stuff.
hey you are next
If you don't have haters you are good boss Man
if you don 't have haters you ain 't doing right bossman .
check out this site to meet with your type of singles guaranteed !
She needs some snacks
you need some snacks
Someone need some snacks.
it is so messy over there lol
Things be live over there lol
i just took reminded me of how much i miss your face .
The thing I just took reminded me of how much I miss your face
the stuff i just took reminded me of how much i miss your face .
You do remember my not so good thoughts, right?
that 's that drives me crazy
You need to be disciplined!
We are tough people.
We have scared them , she is still talking
We have scared them all away, she still talking.
I don't like him. He walks past me like He does not know me.
he walks pass me like he doesn't know me
she is not very kind
Wow , that 's sexy
oh god, that's sexy
Help me please.
give me a break and help me for once
Give me a break and help me for once.
that is a lot of money
the money is much
You are lying
your lying ! ! ahhaha add me so i can deny u ! ! hahahahhahah jk xd
You are lying, add me so I can deny you. I’m just joking.
Where have you been
Where have you been?
You are watching unsuitable things.
I was watching to you again. Hahaha
You watching this again LOL.
Go away.
It's too boring for me
Boy I'm bored.
don 't mention me in ur tweets
Don't mention me in you tweets
please don 't mention me in ur tweets.
But the got tempted by money.
i 'll keeepu updated on what time ima be there cus i got school n stuff
I'll keep u updated on what time i got to school.
i 'll keeepu updated on what time ima be there cus i got school n things to do.
Where are all the people?
Where are all the people?
Where are all people?
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect your
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect you
okay yeah that went too hard
okay yeah that thing went too hard
don 't u kid kid me
don 't u kid kid me
do not kid me
No I despise the bad dodgers
No problem i despise the dodgers
That mixtape was just him rapping on other rapper's beat.
the mixtape was just him rapping on other rappers beat
I cant endure it anymore.
like i cant take it any longer .
alotta people from high school grew up to be
a lot of mean girls from high school grew up to be
Im sorry ,I am confused.
hey make me ! i do what ? i 'm confused - _ -
i completely agree, saving pearl saving his own
i completely agree , saving pearl saving himself
i completely agree , saving pearl saving himself
o rt my mom says dude more than i do
I care less
well my legs gon get to size up lol it can still the size it is for now
but are the main ones not meeting the requirements too
can you just stop what you are talking about
Sorry , I’m not change the new one.
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross
I will deal with you in the morning.
This thing has been bothering me for a while
This thing has been bothering me for a while
suspenders are the bad ones ! i have at least three pairs
suspenders are not good! I have at least three pairs.
you 're just bored , just like me .
you 're just bored , just like me
you 're just bored , just like me .
I am very tired
And I'm so tired.
And I’m really tired
wait or get it from somewhere else
wait go away or get it from somewhere else
his thing is horrible , ive heard songs from that arent that bad .
I don’t wanna go to university yet.
I don't wanna go to uni yet then ! ! d
then I don't want to go to college yet
I miss you already
I miss you.
She is so adorable and I can't get over how much she looks like you!
She is adorable and looks so much like you
she is really adorable and i can 't get over how much she looks like you !
during spring break,I'm going to be out of school
Employ more staff, simple
Hire more staff.
They were intoxicated.
We like the same.
We like the same thing
no respect from the girls ?
no respect from the girls?
have her mad in vabeach
enoughisenough with this lol .
think about puppies and kittens and pretty little cakes and ribbons
think about puppies and kittens and pretty little cakes and ribbons and.
think about puppies and kittens and pretty little cakes and ribbons .
will you do whatever jesus wants
And then when you say forget it they say i want to know ! And you are like, move on
nd then when u say forget it they say i want to know ! nd u move on
I want to know this. Don't be shame.
I knew what I said.
i wish this would happen to me
i wish this would happen to me .
i wish this would happen to me .
All it would do is pass me out
all it would do is pass me the go away , lmao .
All it would do is pass me out , lmao
You know I'm right. You don't like what I post, don't read it.
You can not do this.
bri u can't do anything
I have a got a new english teacher!
Oh I’m going to have new English teacher!
oh auight i gotta new english teacher ! ! ! lol
I went last week and seen transformer was not worth it
i went last week and seen transformers , was boring
I went last week and seen transformers, was not suitable
For all you
if you have guts to drink tigerblood then
if you got the nerve to drink tigerblood then
i know trust me i'll never get this
"i love you ! but you make me wanna cheat sometimes "" is it not that the truth !"
İ love you! But you make me wanna cheat sometimes. Aint that the truth!
I would love to tweet again
i would love to tweet again
i would love to tweet again
accidents happen in the wrong period of time
accidents happen in the wrong period of time
accidents happen in the wrong period of time
That is really wrong, rude, insensible and unprofessional of her.
that 's unprofessional of her
Right, don’t lose yourselves thinking it’s later than what it is.
i’m constantly surprised by the amount of suspicious things my cousin’s that age get up to
You're one of the sexiest person I know
Youre one of the sexiest girls i know
ok let's review
Ok let's review for him.
ok let 's review for him/her.
I don’t think that ion mess up with them.
i love you cause you're kicking awesome ?
Come deal with them boys.
I don't want you back
Lmao I’m not surprised!!
I m not surprised.
stop hidin behind ur comp and be about sumthin
why is planning her funeral ? !
Why is planning her funeral?
I would have done that.
I would've did that.
what did god do on sundays ? so bored
what did god do on sundays ? so bored
what did god do on sundays ? so bored
Im going to be 94 in the next two years.
Darling I'm going to be 94 in two years
You're brave for that one, but if that's how you feel
Where’s my wallet?
Where's my wallet?
Where is my wallet?
you don't come at me
You dont come at me ahaahaha
that wasn't real? you have the same problems
that wasn 't real ? you have the same problems
It isn't real, you have same problems
But Who care ?
but who cares?
but who cares ?
wooohoo ! ! have fun ryan ! don 't make too much mess ! xx
not though just trying to have some fun
I am just trying to have some fun
Nothing, I'm just trying to have some fun
I didn't want it anyway.
I don't want it.
leave it I didn’t want it anyways.
And then she brought him in class and kept talking about her house like anyone cared
She brought him in class and kept talking about her house.
He was brought into class and she talked nonstop about her house like nobody gave a damn.
Yes, Gwen is releasing new music in March.
Gwen is amazing, he has a new music releasing in march
I don't want to argue
You like what I do.
they are never given with me so yes we are cool lol
It doesn't bother me so yes we cool.
She is not smart.
im so excited for work today
I am excited for work today.
im soo excited for work today
i'm on a treadmill, getting in shape
I was on the treadmill to get my booty fit
I just won on the horses and lost my betting slip.Now I feel guilty.
Won on the horse and lost by betting slip.
wasn 't trying to be a smart - though it does tend to happen
Wasnt trying to be smart, though it does tend to happen
Wasn’t trying to be a smart though it does tend to happen
you already know you've seen the closet.
you already know . you 've seen the closet .
i can 't wait to see molly whop amber in this season of lovegames
You just having one of those bad nights? Because you seem a bit down-ish.
lmao idk yet how we gonna get there
lmao idk yet how we gonna get there
I do know how parking at stations can be, but let me explain my view.
i do know how bad parking at stations can be , but let me explain my view p
You are still with us next week, nephew.
You still be with us next week nephew
You're still with us next week, nephew.
Why did you imagine that adult film | I won't sleep now
i break tons of things .
I stop tons of problems .
- i was going to delete this , i hustled too hard .
Smoke spinach? Uhh mix it with the kush
Smoke spinach? Uhh mix that with the kush.
I am being nice. I'm not mean like other people are.
I am being nice. I'm not like other people.
Dear, you seem to have left a bottle in Lay's car
Dear you, you seem to have left a bottle in Lay's car.
I wanna see that movie about the cute lil guy
I wanna see that movie about the cute little guy that poops jelly beans
Idk if i should drink this early.
Idk if I should drink this early.
It's the net!! Do you think anybody cares about them this season?
It's nets you think anybody say something about this in this season
tha hurt ! lol my right arm is the worst
that hurt ! lol my right arm is the worst
I will say jocks, but I am the manliest dude there.
Because of Johnnah! I am not at home. I don't know where it is. I'm about to cry. I'm so mad.
because of johnnah ! no im at home idk where it is im about to cry im so mad
Being rude despite being popular.
having loads of followers and being rude thataintwinning
Yeah! My boy on my team
yes my partner on my team
in this class about to head to work
If I had a brother, I would never live again.
You are 19 years old and so you really should learn how to properly type and spell.
"look how your typing smh your "" 19 "" learn how to type and spell"
should've thought about that yesterday when you mess things up.
should have thought about that yesterday when you made a mess
I think you worn everything except for the one that I bought for you.
i think you 've destroyed everything except for the thing i bought you here
I put it away already !!! I'm sure the lineup is online tho
Aghhh I put it away already!!! I'm sure the lineup is online though.
aghhh darn i put it away already ! ! ! i 'm sure the lineup is online tho
If it wasn't a mission, I'd flow with it but that's dangerous I'd rather stay around my end.
don 't bother yourself with that situation
don't bother yourself with that
Don’t bother yourself with that.
they were all talkers
"no girl i miss being 80 you on the other hand are still a "" teen"
"No ma'am i miss being 80 you on the other hand are still a ""teen"
tryna follow your footsteps ! besides that , just chillin .
Tryna follow your big footsteps! Besides that, just chillin
ohh ! got any pictures ? haha
ohh! got any pictures ? haha
ohh ! got any pictures ? haha
I thought that was dead.
I thought that was dead.
irn bru ! i thought that was dead
You know that a lie
You knaw that it's a lie.
pills ? why , you have no chemical imbalance just a move your body and chip on your shoulder
pills? why, you do not have chemical imbalance but other problems
i wish i could do that with my pop but i really don’t deal with bul anymore
bra kobe hasnt always been like the he was playful too .
bra kobe hasnt always been like the he was playful and bad too .
they are using that already ? -_-
They usin that already
They're using that thing already!
i don 't even keep count of that
whatever i 'll mess with you later goodnight
we thought it was gonna be perfect and a fairytale.
We thought it was going to be perfect and a fairytale.
"moms told me "" only thing you should be stressin , is gettin laid "" i love her doee"
we bust and jaylin
He was out with another dog and then he came back.
There are pictures of males and females and their business is all out.
there are bad pictures of girls and they business is all out .
he has stabbed the needle in my arm so hard it was bleeding
He stubbed the needle in my arm so hard that it was bleeding
He stabbed the needle in my arm so hard, it was bleeding.
maybe then we can get it done
may be then we can get it done
maybe then we can get things done
you are pretty but not fairly good from inside
I'm gonna stay out of it unless i heard my name.
i 'm the one that stays away from thing like that unless my name comes up .
I stay away from situations like that unless my name comes up.
I don't want them to have there face covered
i don 't want them to have they face covered
I want to! but my cousin is always strict about my appearance
This time she's dressed as an airhostess.
i wanna get messed up tho
I wanna get knocked up tho
Paying for my living off of a juice shop salary is my own cost
I pay for my own things off of a juice shop salary.
I pay for own juiceshop salary
School is unpleasant.
I don't like go to school.
Not my job, just call Mom, she'll order my things for me.
Not my job then call moms shell order my thing
I want kiwi spoon.
mam, i want kiwi spoon please!
I want kiwi spoon!
Or you can get the vegeterian option which is a bit more expensive
Or you can get the vegetarian option, it is a bit more expensive
haha , nuts up here mate ! what was the game like ?
Hahaha... Do you know know , what was the game like?
Doesn’t care about Greek life
Where are you?
Where are you .
I actually my show a little crack
that credit card thing was the funniest
The credit card one was the funniest
Me too
Every time a man gets disrespected by a woman, the insults always starts with little.
Everytime a young boy get disrespected by a female, the insults always start with little.
For real?! When’s the mixtape dropping?
when da mixtape droppin ?
no kidding ? ? ! ! when da mixtape droppin ?
Nothing to do
nothing at all just bored to do !!!
nothing at all just bored anything to do ! ! ! !
Listening to all good things
Listening to all good sounds
I listen to all the good stuff.
Yeah it's been 48 hours i been waiting for this to upload
yeah its been 48 hrs i been waiting for this to upload.
The back door of my house is going to be busy this spring break.
The back door of my house is going to be busy this spring break .
The back door of my house is going to be so much busy this spring break.
I will win you this night on fifa
lets have late night fifa
he just put that stuff on the cd case .
He just put that stuff on the cd case.
pilotwings and other things do not belong in the same sentence
Girls be jealous of our sexy sexy tweets
i wana be wit you for as long as we can stand eachovas together .
I want to be with you for as long as we can stand each others flaws.
I was about to say something about that, see every time yoy talk about lebron the lakers lose
I was about to say something about that, see every time you talk bad about Lebron the Lakers lose.
Some day nascar will need to take their collective heads out.
indeeed , igota scan my cramp now
Yes. Leave it there and don't let anyone mess you over.
yeah leave it there girl and don 't let anyone take advantage of you
Because everything I see on Facebook makes me sad nothing I can do.
because every thing i see on facebook makes me sad i couldnt help it
Iam not good at Spanish! Xxxp
I don’t understand this thing.
I can't get you
I don't understand this.
turn yourself around, leave the past and focus on a way better future.
i am not good with confusing films
i was going to watch never say never , but then i found out that isn 't real
i was going to watch never say never , but then i found out that thing isn 't real
Dancing for me every night
This is getting out of hand
Ooh I’m loving with that
I’m digging with that.
he just chats bad things all the time.
Oh my god Paige that's well good!
paige that was good
That's what he gets.
thats what he get.
That's the consequences.
The orange people were giants oh man i can't believe that's true omg, that's totally true omg this is very bad omg
so you uninstalled a camera that's installed in your compy now how'd you manage that
So you uninstall a camera that's installed in your computer now how did you manage that
take one for the team
I'll take one for the team
right now lemonade is the best handsdown
I swear lemonade is the best, hands down.
rt i swear lemonade is the best handsdown
i am not dark like the leo sign
a big difference between the 58 ! ! !
a big difference between the 58 ! ! !
A big difference between the 58!
I love the new part ! ! you writing more ! I'm gonna now
I love the new part. You writing more. Im gonna now
i ain 't bought it either
i ain 't bought anything either
and all alabama fans are real talk
and all alabama fans are bad real talk
Lol naw Kev just gotta let them know
lol naw kev just gotta let muh things know
This thing right here ! Never gonna be gone
this right here ! ! ! never gonna be gone
you have a new nickname
you have a new nickname
you need to go to bed
You need to go to bed bro.
complex got me messed up . i am just saying why
I don't like him because he yells at me
He yell at me and i don't like it.
Please just go away
just get out of here
man got me on dat 42 ' s show i luv dis thing it 's killing me
This week was such a hard time lol
hah on my mother 's bday ' okay , i can 't wait !
i can’t wait my mother birthday
hah on my mother 's bday ' okay, i can 't wait !
Does thus make you laugh.
"Does this make you laugh "" I don't care"
Put your headphones in ? Haha
Put your headphones in
that would be comedy
That thing would be comedy
this thing would be comedy
They won't care at all.
they won 't care
They won't care
i 'm halfway done with her , and refuse to start from scratch
I'm halfway done with her, and I refuse to start from scratch.
i 'm halfway done with her , and refuse to start from scratch
"It is ""throw"" & i hate you."
My mom just lashed me now
My mom doesn't agree.
If it really true then I'm so sorry
If that is true then that sucks.
All of you needs to stop that .
How would you feel if they also mad on you like this?
not disrespectful at all the other one shoulda played her cards right
not disrespectful at all the other shoulda played her cards right
You should of just walked to dennys lol
You should just walked to dennys lol
What do you mean, you’re charging me 43 bucks for my little bag to get checked in.
You mean u charging me 43 bucks for my little bag to get checked in
I'm thinkin bout getting back on school and stuff.
alriht thinkin bout getting back on just school and stuff.
Getting shipped again.
Getting shipped again, that's crazy
Its cool you won't get that next year.
It's nice that you won't get unsuitable things next year.
it 's cool yu won 't get anything next year .
bout to get me somethin to eat an take this car to the dealership
about to get me something to eat and take this car to dealership
bout to get me something to eat an take this car to the dealership
"And you need to stop that ""get it got it good"""
"& you need to stop that "" get it got it good "" lol"
It would be a lot more time for me to do what I actually wanted.
Yes it would p lots more time to do what I actually wanted to do
i cant wait to get out of sd
you talk a lot of bad thing but yeah i do
you talk a lot of but yeah i do
I got it all messed up
i got all confused
rt funnyyyyyyy - i look like kevin hart bih ? lol
Oh my gosh haha you should go again next time and try to bring Matthew with you!
You should go again next time.Try to bring Matthew with you.
where have you been ?
where you been at?
i'm still mad at this person
I am still mad at her.
im still mad at this contemptible person .
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this with me
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this bad with me
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this nonsense with me
Am I the only one that thinks buttering waffles can be difficult sometimes
am i the only one that thinks buttering waffles is a hard job sometimes
Hahaha... I have too much fun and nobody going to be worried about you.
why do you associate with the lakers?
I'm really tired of these things.
I am getting really exhausted with this issue.
I m getting fed up with this.
chill bro, that person was talking bad if you forgot
Yeah, I googled that thing.
Yeah, I googled that case !
yeah , i googled that
chelsea need to stop losing to teams like wolves , sunderland and liverpool for that to happen .
chelsea need to stop losing to small teams like wolves , sunderland and liverpool for that to happen .
It's getting out of hand over here.
man this is gettin wiild over here lol .
Kush leave him alone
just leave that boy alone
Cause you stopped disrespecting me
You all are wrong
You all are totally wrong.
Corey up there laughing.
and corey up there laughing
Get yourself on demand and do it for free, my mommy does it.
That's what he actually does, he don't make things up , he uses everyone
And you always tell me to not care about what people say.
And you always said not to pay attention about what people say.
I exchange my bad habits for a habit and maybe he'll come for me
I exchange my bad habits for a habit.
I'm talking about the text with Timnisha.
im talkin about the text wth timnisha
What was the cursing about?
what was it about?
Don't do naughty things in my bed, or my pool.
Please don't do anything inappropriate in my bed or my pool
dont do naughty things on my bed or my pool
then the second time there was aloud noise in the background.
then the second time there was a loud noise in the background
Then the second time, there was a loud noise in the background.
It's Ciara larason jondelle and get it right
its ciara larason jondelle and get that right hoe
It's Ciara larason jondelle
I don't care about it.
I don't care.
I do not care about it.
i say the only time its even close to acceptable is if a girl is pointing a gun at u
i say the only time its even close to acceptable is if someone is pointing a gun at u
I am telling you too tough.
I’m telling you something too tough.
got a small cut and it’s bleeding a lot
Gotta small cut and it's bleeding a lot.
tom is bad
tom is very bad.
Tom is bad.
I hear y'all have a small group rallied to find her.
did i win the award or was that for this pear girl ?
did i win the award or was that for this pear girl ?
lol foreal though ! rt go to sleep
i haven't eaten yet
and i still haven 't eaten
And I still haven't eaten something
i 'm never gone catch up
38 years ? I'm never gon catch up
tyga can go get eaten by a tiger , he hits daddy back
You got home really fast.
You're already home
When weren't you in love!
When weren’t you in love?
When did you not fall in love?
With your 94 cent pair of sweatpants!
She the poster girl for peta hair
She is the poster girl for PETA hair.
Check out my new profile pic on Facebook it makes me laugh just saying
Check my new profile pic on Facebook, it makes me laugh so hard.
day pole was tuff ! !
the day has been messed up
that always won me over .
that always won me over .
that always won me over
really really good * he bites his lip * s - sorry
Really really good.
who wants to see your elbow ? lmaoo .
who wants to see your elbow ? lmaoo .
i aint got thing but i 'm drinking what yall got * its a party ayyy *
i aint got nothing but i 'm drinking what yall got * its a party ayyy *
I really like the picture. You are smart
i really like the pic tho flip
I am not pleased with you for waking me up
yeahh angry on you for waking me up
we get high then we just do it put your nikes on.
what cannot i change my picture.
Why am I unable to change my picture?
Why can’t I change my picture
lol maze is high
The maze is so high lol.
whatcha doing today?
i need to be working a a record label or something .
I need to be working on a record label or something.
s my favorite person to retweet ! she follows weird stuff ! p
is my favorite person to retweet ! she follows uncanny stuff.
Have you looked in the mirror? You looking bad
when u gon wit ya boy son
Awww. Well lemme hear it when you do it.
Aw...ohk well let me hear it when you do it
tell me when you do it
You are greedy son
I'm from Midwest
I don’t care about her, she can’t defeat me.
So much better this is to soft for me.
so much better this is too soft for me
Hahaha!!! I know right and I love it.
But you got 10 Mayweather voice.
but you have got a deep Mayweather voice
bout to ruin my diet up today .
You ain’t even got 53 k11 on xbox you got that thing on dreamcast.
yo ain 't even got 53 k11 on xbox you got that on dreamcast n lmao
Are you good at all
How are you?
how are you ?
good job my boy ! i knew you would make that joint into a hit
Good job bro! I knew you would make that song into a hit.
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let medrink ya juice
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let me drink ya juice box
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let me drink ya juice box
your mom is georgeous
u inspired most of this thing.
u inspired most of this
Get me a soda
please get me a soda
I close my eyes and lran my head back.
grr all commodores have unimportant resale till they hit about that 65 k mark then they sit there for ever
All commodores must hit about 65k mark then they will sit there forever
will u get me a wedding dress aswell coz france peoples fashion sense is not good
jazmine cashmere got that life changing game
Make sure it’s ready for us
You get the things ready for us.
I wanted to talk to you on fb then you went offline.
I wanted to talk to you on Fb then you went offline
I wanted to talk to you but you were offline.
yes i clearly ask have you heard him before
yes I clearly asked have you heard him before
Always chatting but no one really cares about you.
always subtweeting each other. no one cares about your problems
i not here for beyhoece
i not here for beyhoece
Hahah i do that goes hard
hahah i do that goes hard
They have me in this huge Rental that i too crashed that.
they have me in this huge rental that i too crashed that
* throws confetti & dances in it * i 'ma smart girl , i 'ma geek
dont rub it in lol , whats some good fun for the phone lol
The guy is not good too.
the guy is a problem too .
In my opinion it is okay, as we were only there for an hour because my mom didn't allow us.
lmaooo it 's okay though mannn we were only there for an hour cuz my mom was being rude
the weather better be nice as this when getz here
I hope the weather will be good.
I have always wondered, do you really smoke or do you pretend.
I’ve always wondered, do you really smoke or do you fake like this.
no biggie, ill give some more when i wake up
She got the nerve to say no.
my leg is so hurt
my leg hurts .
Don't you hate when you click on a link and a pop-up comes up?
don 't you hate when you click on a link and a pop - up comes up ?
i say let that boy cook so much cause I'm always starving
anyway, how did you injure your hand?
Ok fasho i appreciate it man
You learn something new on Twitter everyday! I love you!
you learn something new on twitter everyday ! i love you
I don’t need to take him a chocolate rabbit tomorrow. Now he got five , I’m disappointed.
I can do that even when he smile.
but i aint doin really working on mixes
but i aint doin anything really working on mixes
nawl if anything beat a black guy.
I feel bad again
I feel awful.
i feel bad all over again
are both of you going tonight ? where am i getting this monet from ? hahah
are both of you going tonight ? where am i getting this monet from ? hahah
You’ve shouted me out and really scared me.
Im in galveston and aint do a thing about it lol
I'm in Galveston and ain't do anything about it lol.
You better stop it before i have to start reciprocating all over the place
Stop that thing before I start reciprocating all over the place.
Still boring tv show
still a boring tv show
It's still a boring TV show.
hurry up. i wanna get out of my crib
Its sad when you got whiskey actually that's a epicfall
walking to your car, gets a startled by a squirrel.
- walking to your car , gets startled by a squirrel - that squirrel !
When the last i talked to blak king, we talked once about the hd life.
Just go with it.
lmfao , just go with it .
i wanna be in this thing
i wanna be in this
i wanna be in this
Oh you’re wrong.
know i mess wit him
you can tell he just put something out
You can tell he just put it out
sit down dont mind me , im hating
lol stay ya in the car
stay in the car
What is the vip tickes?
Buy Chris brown fame album if you are following him and he never tweet you back.
i dont care man lol
Yes , dont ask, make me
Your auntie showing herself off with that signature , lol, I'm like byeee.
LOL. She's scared, that 's why. LOL
lol she is easily scared person that's why
aite krissy dnt make me get on yo lol
aite krissy dnt make me get on yo lol
We are gonna defeat you.
we gonna beat you
Ahahha, you made that up
ahahaha come on you made that up
I see some unlikeable things
just for tonight bcuz my mentions r dead as hell
Just for tonight because my mentions are dead.
Do not trust that woman over there
Don't trust that person over there
This is like live
This is like live.
That girl is not blind, she knows everything.
She is not blind , she knows everything !
He is so attractive
Photo bradisourking, he is so hot.
Amnesia is bad ever
dear insecurity get out of here! I'm tired of being afraid to do things
I am tired of afraid to do new things coz of insecurity
Go get roses from taron
Everyone looking for one.
Everyone looking for one.
and joel anthony is never open but he 's still dunking on my team
Oh did someone come at you while I was sleep ?
That thing is funny.
lol yeah this is really funny
Needs to get her on twitter so we can discuss skins in the breaks.
needs to get on twitter so we can discuss skins in the breaks
She needs to get back on twitter so we can discuss skins in the breaks
omb! ! ! silos ipod is constantly converting my shots to shots.
*grins* well, a rematch sure sounds like fun
* grins * well , rematch sure sounds like fun
I could see gambit being his little girl though.
"y 'all are gonna keep me pressurizing for leaving out the "" just "" aren 't you"
"You people are going to make things hard for me because I left out the ""just"", aren't you?"
rt cos it's justin bieber * drew and do I sense jealousy?
Drew and do I sense jealousy? Cause it’s Justin Bieber.
lol whatever girl at least im getting paid
Atleast I am getting paid.
whatever girl at least im getting paid
exam cudda at the same time weinthere ! ! ! !
I just hope I don't make any mistake for myself.
I just hope I don't make a mistake out of myself
just say it, you love me! haha you not gonna do it
My hands ain't connected.
idgaf u understood wat i ment right
Do you understand what I mean, didn’t you ?
Joe mcelderry has been dropped because he hasn't done anything worthy.
Joe mcelderry has been dropped because he's bad and hasn't done anything worthy !
sadly i took 66 art classes this year so i am swamped -
sadly i took 66 so much art classes this year so i am swamped -
Sorry babe I just got your tweet
man taylor gang jus came on loud ishine woke up rappin it
nobody really care with facebook nomore
i want to play
Hey you I want to play
I want to play
i can careless bout some dollars
some guy complaining to me about how his life is not going well, i'm bored
Am I wrong thinking a tax-exempt charitable grant can be an unicoporated thing.
Am I wrong of thinking about a tax - exempt charitable grant can be to an unincorporated?
I don't think I am wrong about a tax - free from charitable grant can be to an unincorporated person?
What is janner county?
might even ask you to bring me down
Really? She then lost her mind.
it's creative tho how they got all his tattoos n that lip ring lol
it 's creative tho how they got all his tattoos n that weak lip ring lol
i know you feel bad.
you 're my lady, you 'll make my food , woman !
gahlee working at mcd is a mess
I was joking with you
i can actually play the trumpet
I can actually play the trumpet.
The responses I get when I correct them though? They’re not smart.
have you ever heard me sing
he makes the cat happy, i keep it happy.
Only in covington your friends talk bad while your not around
I got tired because of the cold weather.
you share that thing with me though no problemo ! rt randomfact i don 't like sharing my bed .
you share that with me though no problemo ! rt randomfact i don 't like sharing my bed .
This better never come out again.
This thing better not ever come out again.
lol usually i don 't care but this time i got soft lol
Usually, I don't care but I got soft this time.
haha brains ! ah yeah grand just boooored haha xxxx
But at least i'm not calling her bad or something.
The air made thick pause , i swear i hate it with all my heart sometimes.
what is wrong with your phone?
and my grandma gave me a shot and a pill for the pain
my grandma gave me a pill for the pain along with a shot
Feeling like a fool today, now i can understand why a lot of people hate me hahaha
Lets have a barbeque today.
Let's have a barbeque today
have u talked to him ?
Don't play with me
Walk walk fashion baby, work it, move that
I would be unlucky if he spots an empty box on a shelf.
frowns when he spots an empty box on a shelf - guess i 'm outta luck .
u need to turn you 're phone off take a hot bath and relax with wine
U need to turn your phone off take a hot bath and relax with wine
You should turn off your phone and enjoy wine after taking a bath.
"its "" look out, it's a tornado"
Stop what?
Stop what?
fierce bad girls only , of course
Like the old days used to be real.
Like the old days things used to be too real
she 's an amazing girl and so hilarious
she 's an amazing girl and so hilarious ' so crazy
first of all didn 't blow up but the barhroom this morning i sent 60 tweet
my messages aint sending on bbm ! I Am stressed maynnnn - _ _ - aha hope your okay anyway x
homie i jus said she went inside lol
Stop talking man please . No one has interesting about you.
stop talkin
What, this is enough, I don't have high maintenance like you.
what , this is enough , i ain 't high maintenance like you missy .
Accurately
oh no, don't expose that
don't expose that!
casual shoes are not nice
Talking bout his bottom got a green card
talkin bout his body got a green card .
Network has been un availlable all day.
Network error all day
Why do i keep bumping into this boy
Why do I keep bumping into this boy
people are full of faults, so the same tomorrow
people are so full of bad thing , so samethingtomorrow
Dear you can't stop me.
lets go out and rob a bank or something lol jk
sayyyy word , i 'm going dt though just now !
and i wonder is 14 cents worth you getting yourself beaten today
That thing is pretty good low-key.
that thing is pretty good lowkey
go for the one that looks most good
Where did you find it?
y 'all quit that middle school thing.
You all quit that middle school
You have never been bad to me
You are always good to me.
We are on African time.
we on african time
He broke the kronik? And was it a good game? Gimme a breakdown
Smh oh well maybe this backlash will wake her up lolo
Surely you're allowed a day off on a bank holiday to not care about anything?!
That’s good - smiles - I'm tired - yawns -
Thats good smiles i am tired
i didn't knew anything, but i 'm definitely following back
jus becuz i like to make love doesn make me ah bad girl .
yes , latex tends to stick to your pun intended .
Agh man yu kno same things just a diff day
hey you know what? leave me alone
I bet you dont be talking about anything on tumblr
Look I am mad because u are sad that was uncalled for and you know I do not like it
look im mad becuz u sad that was uncalled for an u kno i do not lik that
second time this professors made fun of me in class
This is the second time this professor made fun of me in class
you do not like them that much.
i just told you tomar
Remember how april wouldn't tell you she loved uou ever
Hey, remember how April wouldn't tell you she loved you ever?
no he is too scared to hurt anyone
I hope i forget about this tomorrow
I hope I forget about this thing tomorrow.
The network signal is busy
You might be right about that because the thing always come out wrong .
u might be right about that because it always come out wrong
I wouldn't be happy if someone treated me like that.
Don't be scared and get back in here.
Send me some pics.
Ana!!! I really miss you and all of these people.
Get to bed.
go to bed ! ! !
I want to do her because of her cruelty.
foo i cant sleep _ - & your lights went on again
At midnight? Where people go out at this time?
midnight? where are people going at this hour?
midnight ? where the people are going at this hour ?
Why has he not hit that one
21
I'm so sorry.
ol , what you mean
look at the pics of attack of the woman
what is your problem? i'm worried about you and you are being rude.
You want to party tonight?
you should go to sleep
If i'm in my twitcon i'd have 69 mil followers too lol
lol why i gotta be a sad face tho
Adam is a mess beyond belief ! !
Barged my way in and laid the smacketh down
and i have more followers
I have more followers.
and i have more followers ahahaha
the car wash be fun!
the car wash be fun ! lol
Check this video out - bugatti guys
global rec auspol parochial
Now they will fight - _ - what is going on doeee?
you do not look like drunk
- moans pressing my face into the pillow to muffle it somewhat
I feel like mind lola
Who is that footballer attached to those teeth?
The girl farted while he was dancing.
Then I have a d.
I love you all models.
man i love yall models
man i love all models
I'm just glad my phone doesn't autocorrect mean words
Don't try that with me
don't make fun of me or something like that
You don't mess with me or something like that.
im finna tweet off witt his lyrics
But then that would put my coworker in a lot of trouble.
"ooooh yeah going to rock in my "" i punched a werewolf "" tee lol"
hey you went to the concert? and yeah her
aaron craft can go
ill try and tweet some cause i leave for two whole days .
He always talk about useless things.
he be talkin all bad lol
surgeons are bad but they are hot at their jobs
then u gota beat goro
I'm surprised you didn't ride into ht on a donkey.
i 'm surprised you didn 't ride into ht on a donkey or something
I think this song is pretty bad too compared with his.
are you or are you just telling me that so i get off yo about it ?
are you or are you just telling me that so i get off yo about it ? o
They can't challenge with us
And I'll miss you as much as I'll miss the weather.
and i miss the bad weather as much as i miss you
and I will miss you as much as I will miss this weather.
I haven't heard about you today
lol shutup i don 't wanna message yu after yu was mean to me lastnite
It's too early for this on my timeline.
who think i sud grow so dreads so i can swing them
Sorry, i did you ungrateful
Now I have to also
Where could I find a female hitmen?
Boy please don't get your feelings hurt on Twitter.
my roomate is relly annoying
My roommate is a bother.
if somebody talk bad about my heat losing i will show you
Although she is not nice, as if she cant tell her kids to be quiet.
Although she is not strong, as if she can't tell her kids to be quiet
rt pizza papalis is not good - i thought i was the only one !
pizza papalis is terrible ım sorry ı dont like it
They got some haters in the world.
They got some haters in the world.
my girl maggie q from nikita is in it too .
You told me you had a girlfriend ,where she at?
Omg. That was so funny. Miss Raissa is out of her mind.
I subtweeted your absence
Anything is better than being a boring class.
anything is better than being a boring class .
because he strongly believes usher is turning out justin beiber just as much as i believe
"I just now seen ""let the drummer get wicked"" it's hot."
Heather is passed out
wow are you really serious?
hahaha go away naro ! !
okay imma good with it , and do you still work with spitta and wiz ?
both of you could barely walk down the street
Watching it on TV that is making me very hungry.
You need to have sex, lol.
its really hot outside and i just came all the way frm erie .
Oh, Eddie Izzard is on tonight, i forgot!
oh shit eddie izzard this night I forget
No boy , she just was talking and stuff
that's the last time I'm nice to you
that 's dead and you dnt gotta be a silly for that lls
Bro if you don't get her.
not to mention jessica alba's body in those panties
I need some boy in my life.
I'll kick you
Please, wash the clothes and flat iron it after.
ummmm ? wash it and flat iron then !
you got a new step mum so that she can help take care of you
understand how i still screw them up
i dont mind being an aunt again but shes 78 so disappointing
I dont mind being an aunt again but she's 78 so disappointing
I don’t mind being an aunt again but she is 78 ughhh so disappointing
This thing might be unltimited but I'm gonna put a limit on it for you.
This could be unlimited but I will put a limit to you.
that my friend , was really witty.
that my friend , was witty
lol dont look it in the mouth
I'm in trouble bro
sake of fighting is just meaningless though
sake of fighting is just idiocy though
oh my god ! he 's so freaking cute
cause , i say damn , & terrible some times pp
Who knows , like a month + aye , haha
make urself useful and tell lily to get down heree
Where have u been? At otherbrain?
you get on my nerves smh !
eh? she is a naive i would give anything to go back to primary school
yu should have ! qt kennedie tweeted somethings.
this heat is ri - dic - u - lous bringbacktherain orsnow
i'm gonna beat my brother if doesn't follow back!
bas words aren't attractive right i hate when girls type like this - - - > ii feel ghud .
I cant - _ _ _ _ _ - i hate damon
whatever i will curse u out when i sober up but bad things to you for the day .
lmaoooo i knew what u meant , that was just me being a smart teeheee
i missed you too *pinches your behind*
im so mad though
Run and figure out the culprit
forget about torrence I will buy us ice cream!
Don't mind her
what do i put up with ? i see no such thing! d
omg i thought i felt someones is in my bed lmfao
Invite someone chill with a whippp?
haa ! ikr ! l scary.
"It's funny, and in reply yo your ""oshh josh"" tweet."
You speak your things.
"don 't call me pathetic when you are the one who said olly was "" bad """
Sometimes, I just sit here on twitter, thinking I am not stupid.
Lmao!!!!! That’s a shame
I have seen it. He's terrible.
you rt just mopped this bum in words with friends.
We aint havin sex so calm down
my summer been perfect cant wait to tell you about that
Why this train held up at kalamasserry
but we do have fun block parties
But we do have fun block parties and stuff.
there's a boy in my class that smell is not good and the teacher wonder why i am failing
Joe is trying to make me go downtown but I am still feeling sick.
Joe is trying to make me go downtown but I'm still really sick.
That woman!lol Joe is trying to make me go downtown but I'm still so sick.
I'm in one big room full of not so nice people
I'm in a room full of bad people
and when he wouldn 't befriend chloe moretz i became enraged ! hot girl is being nice
and when he wouldn't be friend chloe moretz i became enraged! Pretty girl is being nice
I spelled it right
And I spelled it right
If my mother takes another bath today, I will get angry
If my mother takes another bath today i ma snap
Oh ion want your popsicle.
I really wanna say some bad things but I don't
I really wanna say something but I'm keep it to myself.
rlly wanna say something but imma keep it to myself ! ! ! !
i got a lot to say and after this i'm done
Great that we only start playing with 88 mins left. The service into the box was bad.
Great that we are only playing with 88 minutes left! The service was poor.
On a scale of 12 to awesome, how was it?
on a scale of 12 to awesome , how was it ?
On a scale of 12 to awesome, how was it?
She is agreeing with me
Alright Thank you ,she was agreeing with me
thanks so much, she agrees with me.
mom would be like OK , let 's have pancakes for dinner .
mom would be like let 's have pancakes for dinner .
mom would just have us eat pancakes
my mother wasnt here & you got my permission slip
My mother wasn't here and you got my permission slip l.
you and dione ' my mom wasnt here and you got my consent slip
I am good on that game.
really ? cus i 'm a beast on that game o
really ? cus i 'm a beast on that game o
Seriously who does she think she is? Listen, no one really likes you
Seriously who does she think she is? Listen, no one likes you
Seriously who does she thong she is? Hey, listen no one likes you
Hold the phones.
Hold the phones.
lol I didn't even know they were coming they called my mama.
i didn't even know they was coming to called my mom
dude was channeling michael jackson and
47th hour, I'm chilling in the hall
She was so mad!
She was so mad.
I think I'm going to see prince!!!!
wow i think i 'm going to see prince ! ! ! !
I think I'm going to see the prince!
This is so funny.
right this is just funny
it 's pretty much everywhere but then paranoia kicks in
you will love it .
You will love it.
U want to tackle na then come on show me what you got
u want to tackle na then come on show me what u got .
You want to tackle,then come on show me what you got
you aint kidding with me on the movie qoutes daddy ! ! lol
You should not battle with me on movie quotes
if you watch it - rather than looking away - it is actually great timing of a effect
nah this thing is prime
It's prime
Nah this is prime
Stay inside
Mine will scare you off
Over here about to burn up ugh!!!
over here about to burn up
I know right, i would to see you showed up in the club.
I knw right i would to see ya in the club lmao
Keep quiet.
I hope he will understand what I'm trying to say
maybe this guy will catch the hint now , i 'm tossing ' em as hard as i can !
But without him they won't really talk.
Without him they can't talk anything.
But real talk, without him they are nothing
People like her are getting on my nerves
you and dan are on point tonight
You and Dan are on point tonight.
Her tone ain't right.
What wrong with her tone?
Get this right dav
Get this right dav
Get it open then I tell her to bring it back
Open den I tell her bring it back
Today i will say bye to me ex and welcome an new one in my life
I will say goodbye to my ex and welcome my new girl
Today I will say goodbye bye to my dear baby and welcome new baby in my life
I should start acting like crazy then.
I should start acting in a bad way then
When I start getting DMs about what you said, it stops!
when i start gettin dm 's about things u said , it stops
When I start getting dm's about what u said it stops!
That is so funny
that was so funny
I'm teaching him to play with his voice, do good vocals'.
I am teaching him vocals
Bout to watch insidious and i'm super scared
how did that happen?
how that happen ?
Girl I don't understand it! Just don't say nonsense.
Girl, I don't understand it! Just don't say it!
Girl i dont understand it! Just dont say anything.
I'm incompetent
No David I am not with that thing
Naw david aint with those stuff
we freak when we run out in this house
oh my god! we freak when we run out of this house
oh no ! we freak when we run out in this house
Yeah I'm pretty upset but I'm not gonna force you to talk about it
i mean yeah i,m angry but im not gonna force you to talk about that
I mean yeah im slick but im not gonna force you to talk about that
That's what I'm saying and don't call me this.
That's what i'am saying, please don't call me like this.
Am I really going to be alone for Harry Potter tonight?
O no! that school pops ! Anyway
That school is Wonderful.
well if it money in their that 's where i need to be ! !
well if it money in their that 's where i need to be ! !
yes all you need is a shoutout that works !
Yes, all you need is a shoutout; it works!
Yes,all you need is a shout-out,it works.
I wanna know how to play with my foot
I wanna know how to play with my foot.
are you playing this unfollow game?
lol look like claws on their eye but what's really sad they think they fly lol
lol look like claws on their eye but what 's really sad they think they fly lol
lol look like claws on their eye but what 's really sad they think they fly lol
lol dont tweet me things aint sweet still want my fair one lmao
its 66 am , why i 'm still awake i have no idea
I don't know why can't I sleep until 66am
It's 6 am , i have no idea why i 'm still awake
Never,im just broke
never , i 'm just a broke
harry potter books are to long
Harry potter books are too long
Harry potter books are tooooo long
You just made my day lmao.
you just made my day
Oh my god yes we get out really early tomorrow
We're getting out early tomorrow
Oh yea we get out too early tommarow dddd
where you at!
Rupert Grint is hot.
Better hurry up! I'm lighten up
bettter hurryy uppp ! ! im lighten up!
Better hurry up! I am lighten up!
Hey man congrats for bizarre
You miss me
Hall pass is so funny!
Omg hall pass is so funny!
Hall pass is very funny
if i good priiice , you put magnet ?
if i good priiice , you put magnet ?
If I good price, you put magnet?
I shocked when I ask about Tony sunshine got a Twitter
But yo i was completely serious when i asked if tony sunshine got a twitter
I'm acting my age
I'm 15 and still acts like a 15 year old.
No, it's not!
No it’s not
no its not !
hahahah seriously i only answered like 54 questions & its only 54 lines , so over analysing sources
I only answered 54 questions and it's only 54 lines, I'm done with analysing sources.
hahahah seriously i only answered like 54 questions & its only 54 lines , so over analysing sources
of course thats not question i would rather see game instead
I didn't say anything about book signing
I meant gig! Did I say book signing?
You couldn't do the same
You can't do the same.
but you couldn 't do the same
Celebrate the fact that everyone's plans have been destroyed? Okay then.
celebrate the fact that everyone 's plans have been royally wrong ? okay then .
I mention your name all the time, you can never say I'm fake ever again mister.
I mentioned your name all the time, you can never say I am fake ever again.
I already gotta go through this thing during the fall
i already gotta go through this during the fall
I don't like politicians flattering others at any time, be they the best or worst of times.
Yes i know i like that genuine thing
yea yea I know I dig that true thing.
I boring biology class
Biology class is boring
washing machine has driven me to wine
Terrible washing machine has driven me to wrecks
I thought I was desperate.
I though I was desperate.
you remind me that i have to download visitor q
oh, you remind me that i have to download visitor q
Oh, you remind me that I have to download visitor q
He posts bad things of celebrities on twitter
he creates a load of hate and drama on twitter by hating people like one direction
He creates so much hate and drama on twitter by hating people like One Direction.
he changed, okay? he did we all know it! So, please, be quiet.
We all know he changed and he did, so please don't say it
He changed. Okay. He did, we all know it so please don't mention it anymore.
it’s on the internet for the moment
I am on the internet for the moment
92 , 92 tweets ? i think i have an addiction
oh , 92 , 92 tweets ? i think i have an addiction
Not guilty on all counts get over that girl
Not guilty on all counts get over it
ole assertive lol , but you easy on the eyes tho * shrugs *
You are seeing me tomorrow
your seeing me tomorrow
I will meet you tomorrow
Asking Alexandria is trending? no thanks
Questioning about Alexandra fame is not something of my interest
she was on there doin da most singin some old melody frm like 21 joe lmaoo
I did not check my notifications.
I didn't check my notifications.
i didn 't check my notifications lol
they could learn something from beans you like that philly
you need alot!! but you wouldnt.
U need a lot sheesh u wouldnt
i will keep all of them
I will keep all of them.
I prefer to keep all of them, thank you
let 's get some comments on this video show the haters mean nothing
let 's get some comments on this video show the haters they ain 't exist.
lol stay in the house nothing major & u ?
Lol stay in the house nothing major & u?
lol stay my body in the house nothing major & u
Do skinny girls run?
That is very expensive that 72 dollar for 72 flyer
72 flyers for 72 dollars is too much
and now they've said bad things
Omg nine days till i dip Canada yes
Omg nine days till i reach canada
Omg nine days till I dip Canada,yes.
"Haha, yeah but now if I say that you'll be ""sarcastic!'"
yes now if i say that you will be sarcastic
Haha yeah but now if i say that you will be sarcastic
I love sylvia she be my only girl
I love Sylvia.
If she lies on me i'm the man! Yes
This has happened like 10 times.
yeah this has happened like 10 times
Yeah this has happened like 10 times.
Its so hot
when you see me up there pressing that button multiple times just keep walking like you dont see a thing hahaha
When you see me up there pressing that button multiple times just keep walking like you dont see anything hahah
what you 're working 49 hours ? i work 49 hours , keep quiet
You're working 49 hours? I work 49 hours as well.
I always have the funniest convos with ! she talk a whole lotta things doe
I'm not full of myself, I just love myself.
i 'm not cocky , i just love myself,
Omg! your DMs when you wake up, I am shaking.
omg your dms when you wake up i am shaking .
the west live for that
The west live for that stuff
I only deal with a good 80% of them.
I told him to go away
How are you doing
How are you doing?
How are you and your sexy self doing?
You really like me, don't say anything else
you love me
Everyone should do their work when they get it
Everyone should do their things when they get it then.
I can't breathe! I need shower.
i can breathe freely ! ! i need a shower !
i can breathe freely ! I need a shower !
I want it like some Jodeci lol.
Gator doesn't play!
gator don 't play
I am going to lay down looking at my ceiling until I fall asleep
I'm going to lay down and look at my ceiling until I fall asleep lol
All we got as a cards was 53% off at the team store.
We got cards at 53% off
It was an questionable epilogue casting. I loved it!
aside from a questionable epilogue casting , exceptional ! ! loved every second ! !
i'm tooo weak from that tweet
I don't like zoo
Oop,but i hate the zoo .
why don 't u just a owl like harry potter that thing is free and u can get unlimited text
Why don't you just own an owl like Harry Potter, that is free and you can get unlimited text.
My teddy has stole my wine and paper!
My teddy stole my wine and paper.
my teddy has stole my wine n paper !
hahaha that was so funny ! major alert tops talker
funny thing ! major lick something rude , alert , top stalker.
Please turn back on.
Please phone, turn back on, I need you.
Lol I took no parts, but that was a trend up here back in the day.
lol i took no parts , but that thing was a trend up here back in the day .
Is rm playing? Oh well
He cannot get to all of you!
he can 't get to you all !
i have too much going on but i'm going to get it done
I've had alot of troubles going on but i'll have it done im about to do it.
i 've had something bad going on but i 'll have it done im about to do it
We do what we want' - no you don't
We do what we want but you don't
That is sad
And that is sad
It is so sad.
I told my dad you can't deceive her anymore
It is boring not having life
It sucks not having live
i like webbie way more than boosie
Amber rose is easily one of the most overrated actress of all time.
rt amber rose is easily one of the most overrated people of all time .
Get ready and get to work .
get up and get to work lol
get up and get to work lol
I forgot my wallet so im just eatin chips and
I forgot my wallet so I'm just eating chips and stuff
Alright, why is it so hard to find tacos in Slidell taco bell?
"Rt"" why is it so hard to find tacos in slidell""... Tacobel"
"Why is it so hard to find tacos in slidell "" .....tacobell?"
Okay my bunny messed up,but if you turn your attention to bbm.
All are trying to get out of here
Some not all are just trying things out
it wouldn't be possible, he weigh more than me
I am talking not good because i could not get enough sleep
speaking of insomnia , was my story really boring?
Facebook is bot cool, Twitter is cooler
facebook is bad - twitter is where the party is
I don't like Facebook, Twitter is where the party is at.
laying in my bed, watching this play
Laying in my bed, watching this play
laying in my bed , watching this corny play
I m going to knock that out the frame
it these three people were able to get weed prescriptions, how can i get one?
Alright, if these three people got wewd prescriptions, how do i get one?
If these three persons got weed prescriptions, how do I get one.
looking for a griddle
raging for a mc griddle
I'm getting tipsy already, I might go around and fall asleep
Im getting tipsy already, i might be naughty around and fall asleep
i'm getting tipsy already, i might do some stuff and fall asleep
They will be annoying to store though
They'll be bad to store though.
This is so low-key that he's still able to walk
That is lowkey amazing that he's able to walk still
that thing is lowkey amazing that he 's able to walk still
naw , you know i adjust with all types of music
You know that I like all types of music
Nah, You know I hate with all types of music.
They are not brave. They don't have your back.
Lol, those two are falling in love again.
lol they fallin in love again lol
too easy with me, so she doesn't bother
too easy with me , so she doesn 't bother
i really just don't care about anything or anyone. i try not to anyway.
i don 't like fake blood .
Did you check out the album?It is a really amazing record.
did you check out the them crooked vultures album ? Its great
I am a have to just do this on my own.
What he said doesn't make sense ever.
whatever he says doesn't make any sense
What seabrook? Take some smelling salts
rt What sea brook? Take some salt!
You know why i am disturbed
Uggh.!you know why Im mad
i'm not answering that
lol , but im listenin to music right now so im jus relaxinnnn
I’m about to be tatted up
Im about to be tatted
This thing got me scared to get off my bed and go to the kitchen
this got me scared to get off my bed and go to the kitchen
bro , don 't be surprised , they are sneaky
Brother, don't be surprised, they are sneaky.
i need you to come back
i need you to come back.
They need you to come back
That's new thing, you wasn't like that.
That's new, you wasn't like that
I have to work in the morning
I got to work in the morning
I'll see what I can do but with what is in your background, i don't know
I will see what i can do but since you do not have a clear background i dont know
I'll see what I can do, but with those things on your background bro I don't know.
but tami is that i just have to roll ! !
But tami is that down to earth person i just have to roll with
But Tami is that humble girl I just have to roll with
Yeah, full flexi - not this core time.
Yeah, full flexi - not this core time
Idk, i haven't been outside and I'll probably end up doing the same thing i always do
I have not been outside and probably I'll end up doing the same thing I always do.
I don’t know, i haven 't been outside and i 'll probably end up doin the same thing i always do
Can't go to the rugby fest
you study
Study hard.
You seen evrything
you seen everything humf!
u seen everything !
haha oh no its gonna go down ! does the other team get to play with a coach too ?
What person? Is there a problem?
nope its the players , words dnt mean anything
nope it's the players, words don't mean anything
Nope its the players, words dont mean anything
it looks bad on my phone too
oh yeah it looks pretty on my phone too
I 'm so over the moon! I wanna squeeze sive rite now!!!
i'm so much happy right now
excuse me, I was not the one who made up the story.
Excuse me my protege, i was not tge one who made a vulgar text story.
She might not be able to leave the city
She might not be able to leave the city.
She might not be able to leave the city lolol
There's a lady who's at least 66 years old that dressed up for this.
What a par!
the athletes foot and hi level fashions unit from the get go
Haha that thing is brewed in mammoth mountain snow that's why it tastes like nature haha
Haha that is brewed in mammoth mountain snow thats why it tastes like nature haha
haha that thing is brewed in mammoth mountain snow thats why it tastes like nature haha
How can I turn the bar off ?
also how do i turn off this trending bar ?
you moved !
You moved !
that just tells u he rather see u fail that 's when u get trouble
that just tells u he rather see u fail that 's when u get ghost on that. lol
This person make breakfast today
u maybe excused after all you don't know what I was doing
you actually replied lol , i miss you ! what is your basses doing tomorrow lb
This is how you'll become in the future
This is what you will become soon
why would we even want to see his wedding ? i don 't care
why would we even want to see his wedding ? i don mind
"Why would we even want to see his weeding?
That's what my daddy smoked lol
What happen on hms astute today?!
exactly how tall are you ? in feet
How tall are you in feet exactly?
Big birthday so to my friend.
my website is so bad. what did you used to use?
My website isn't good enough, what did you used?
she had intercourse like two days ago and vinny didnt use protection lol
guess what my gun app went off in walmart smh it was so funny
This thinf is useless, i'm not climbing threw this window
got a bomb plan for &
Got a bad plan.
Got a great plan for &
You mean that is what I will see in May, that's so cool.
you mean that 's what i 'm gonna see in may that is incredible ! !
Who is that? What a bad person. Are you okay love?
Who is there irresponsible man ,I hope you will be fine my love
i played one tourny wit them nvr went back coacg kelly irritate me
next time you want to talk bad about everyone in your life , make sure im not home
The next time you wish to make a demeaning statement about everyone in your life make sure I am not around
Next time you want to talk bad about everyone in your life,make sure I'm not home
you know you just thought about that too
i say whatever i want
yo ma cousin hid the keys yo
yo ma cuzzin hid the keys yo
My cousin hid the keys out.
It doesnt hurt this bad since the time and i went camping
I haven't hurt this bad since the time I went camping.
it 's hard to live in a community with no unity boosie
it 's hard to live in a community with no unity
Lexington should be annoyed as sumter did to us
Better annoy a Lexington like Sumter did to us
really , im a fat ? totally
I never understood what that thing was
i never understood what that thing was
i never understood what that thing was .
Oh well better turn the back since
Better turn the back since
you tweeted me , so im replying you
you tweeted me, so I'm replying you
You tweeted me so I'm replying you back
Get me out of here.
Get me outta here.
get me outta here
you still up and aint saying anything to me
i 'm in love with the perfect video
i 'm in love with the perfect video .
I am taller than others because they are shorter than me
Haha and stuff, lol, but I'm rall so they are even shoter
I'm tall so they're even shorter
"Well don't generalize it o "" all dudes in cleveland """
"well boo don 't generalize it o "" all dudes in cleveland"
least he ain't get in his feelins like wow wow
least he aint get in his feelins like wow wow
I need a new word to use now.
I need a new word to use now
i need a new word to use now
If u don 't wanna talk to me then tell me so
Tell me what u want to say
If you don't wanna talk to me then tell me so.
Who is tom schieffer? Am I supposed to know him?
Who is tom schieffer?should i know this?
everything just went wrong like always
Nah man, everything just went wrong like always.
Can you help me with english? i 'm screwed .
She's here again.
That stuck in my head
You got that stuck in my head lol
Nathan,lock back up in her cage please were she belongs?
you can jam to them at home with me if you want
Oh you can jam to them at home with me if ya want.
We can jam to them at home.
Be sure to keep away from socialized military
i 'm not even going to upload it , it 's embarrassing
Lol, I'm not even going to upload it, it looks so embarrassing.
It's too embrassing to upload
Friday can go right off.
Friday can leave
I m tired
Me too im really tired
No, you have to download files and my mom gets mad for doing it on her computer.
No, you have to download this and my mom will get angry for doing it on her computer.
I 'm just saying i' m 57 lad back for the trouble but i 'm far from child.
yes i messed that ! but it really doesn't matter huh .
Yes I messed but doesn't matter
Yes i messed that! But it really doesn't matter
I did some useless things to some girls.
i did some stuff to some girls
I think he's stuck
oh, no I think he's stuck
Good! Im taking care of the kids
There should be a list made of things you shouldn't ask over the phone
there should be a list of things you should't ask over the phone.
There should be a list made of things you shouldn't ask over the phone.
Not one where you want to squeeze half the youths population next to other half
not one where you want to squeeze half the youths population next to other half
I dont rember on of the blondest ones though
I don't remember on of the blondest one tho
I wanna see you girls tonight.
I wanna see you tonight
I want to see you tonight.
yo , did you listen to that beat? the french one?
Big burrito or big burrito?
but if they stayed to party, then oh yeah.
if they have started to party then goes on .
If this keeps up, I might just make that move.
Oh no! I think I have to do that probably, I'd that keeps going on
Sin caravan, Rhodes, Bryan, Christian, and Orton have win matches.
I just got it yesterday.
I got it yesterday
I forgot about that, you can make a video for every track.
I think they added more programming but i couldn't get with that plain weather
Although they just added more programming, I don't get with that plain weather.
Burned my back with this.
Burned my back up with that thing
I like that black thing
I like that black.
good food and blonde ladies
Channel 25 is bad
I’m trying get Netflix on my thing
Trying to get Netflix.
Well, I am not on American tv yet
lmao well i m not on american tv yet
now i 'm in a bad mood , who took my bluetack ? !
i am mad, where is my bluetack
Now I’m pissed off, who took my bluetack?
I understand your life is not too good
i see you have life messed up
I see, your life is not good.
what do you want lopez !
What do you want Lopez?
What do you want lopez
Are you excited for tomorrow?! Because & i are stoked.
Rihanna is definitely looking extremely beautiful.
All the fun and games are over when she get home.
It was all fun and games are over when she get home.
I don't want to go ! On anatomy test
I don't want to go! I hate anatomy test
It's unhonest people everywhere, not just this city.
dnt joke widd my fam .
dont mess with my friend
Don't mess with my family.
Why would i leave my sister
Why should I have to leave my sister?
i love you too , so much ! ! ! !
I love you too, so much!
had a dope caballero ii tho
rolls eyes its funny how u knew i was talkin bout her
yes now on wards i will not care for them anymore
That's great advice lol, good looks I'm going to stop caring that I don't care
I will send you all the cereal you want
Ok, I will send you all the cereal that you want!
Apparently my ipod likes me rating random things
then how are my big sheets dry but not my small pillowcases
then how are my sheets dry but not my pillowcases
Ohh he is back
what? who was she looking for a follow from this time?
Can't spit even if she wanted to
can 't say even if she wanted to
When am I seeing you
When am i seeing you?
My 18 18 wish never comes true forget it.
My 18 18 wish never comes true.
crazy out here, lol i'm just trying to be myself.
Things get crazy out here lol yo im just trying to be me
yeah the one i took was not so well
I just really want to
No ! ! rolls eyes yes i want to
I'm hungry can I come over?
I'm starving, can I come over?!
I'm straving can i come over
What? Is tracy getting out of jail?
What? Tracey is getting out of jail?
what? tracey is getting out of jail?
You're the one who's not wise.
You are the one who isn’t right about that
That makes bo sense, cause then people wouldn't have more followers that they're following
that 's guy hell , cause then people wouldn 't have more followers than they following .
That's unbelievable for people to get more followers than they followed
Don't wanna hear that thing.
but mine has trouble rendering long for some reason,
My phone off and my car just done basically the same thing defines car did
so goodlooking of course
Very sexy of course
That's when I unfollowed them.
u talkin about the scores?
U talkin bout the scores?
Dear Rachel, please be nice.
No that is bad Spanish food
cause my gas is low and i still feel low
Because my gas is low and I still feel like I am worthless.
i think a female teacher is inferior to a male one
I hate this school! And I don't need school
cause you 're a afraid
I dont know if you re serious or trying to make me feel less smart
he was nice in college! but oh my god you're the same guy that said tiger was gone win the masters
Sup girl it's been bad haven't done anything
I swear, I'm addicted to this gift of God.
grins over at you and shrugs hey , i can only work with what you got out there
grins over at you and shrugs hey , i can only work with what you got out there
I am number four is a good movie
i am number four ' was a good movie
I am number four was a good movie
All the students don't like her
Badly approach to all the students
I don't think so, I should think about it, I'm excited for Ataris
Don't think so! Should think about it, I'm excited for ataris.
It's been taking too long, it's been half an hour
Thankies rt i love your avi you look amazing.
lol you better respect yo elders tho
You bettee respect your elders.
I'm still goona stay here and get paid
I'm still going to stay here and get paid
Just out here trying to make it
jus out here tryna make it
Just out here trying to make it in life.
yup ! they sold out now tho
I hate Danielle but I like pause
Naaa but that is a goid thing though
you was suppose to be sleep
you was suppose to be sleep
you was suppose to be sleep
Im in a boring class
i laught , i'm in a boring class
I'm in class
how did I stand out?
How did i stand out?
if offers my dave sweets one more time that person is gonna get beat up
i might just turn straight
i might just turn straight
Mentally scarred for life by those cockroach swarmed holes
Mentally scarred for life by those guys
haha! I was not under the influence, you were!
Yeah its a good day !!!! My computers up
I want it heaps but i'm stuck with windows it just randomly freezes.
Aha i want it heaps but im stuck with a windows it just randomly freezes
I received good news via text
Got a lucky text
got a lucky text
Stop being an inconsiderate! Thank you
Stop being inconsiderate. Thank you oh p.
Sausage sarnies for breakfast,great
Sausage sarnies for breakfast, how great
sausage sarnies for breakfast , great
she might be think that he is a businessman but she is not right
im hyper ! ! ! ! ! * rolls on you *
I am hyper! *Rolls on you*
I don't wanna look at anything related to nursing until after spring break!
I don't want to look at something else related to nursing after spring break!
can u simply leave
You can leave
can u just leave
Who drinks to just to go home? You all just wrong.
Nothing, just chilling till my game
Nothing just chillin till my game you ?
"see sis some things shouldn""t be like um what did you just say lol"
granddaughter the same is going on over hrere
granddaughter, its the same here
Congratulations! I'm following you, finally.
Congratulations! I'm finally following you
I hate when people avoid things especially when it's serious
i hate when people avoid things especially when its serious
I hate those peoples who are not serious in serious situations
I'm chilling watching sportscenter and tires. What you up to
So do I
so do i
No wonder I wasn't hearing anything, my phone was 10 notch from silent.
no wonder i wasn't hearing anything my phone was 10 notch from silent
No I wonder I couldn't hear anything; my phone was 10 notch from silent.
she did some things on the internet, I guess
she did something on the internet , i guess
Stop playing with 93 b4 she will beat you
aw stop playing with 93 b4 she beat you lol.
Stop playing with 93 she is unbeatable
She was mean so I was mean right back.
She was cruel to me and I was also cruel to her.
it happened and my friends were too embarrassed to record that thing
Imfao!!! it happened and my friends were embarrassed to record that.
I never wanted this
I never want this
I never wanted this
Tell her to bring her sister.
u was just on some weird things two weeks ago
Its is bad habbit but it is true deal with it
It's the truth so deal with it.
Just relax and take a drink or something, that's always enjoyable.
that thing was burning my lip before i drunk it
that was burning my lip before i drunk it
Please stop talking.
And i was not cooking loo
I was not cooking
And i was not cooking
just warning you know ucas is not good
We gonna do it soon coz I'm thinking about new years and that was a fun night.
"bmc boyz - essential needs np "" - that 's my thing"
"bmc boyz - essential needs np "" - that 's mine"
i got you with the ally no doubt lol ima played bad again cause i can 't sleep
*sprinting around the crowd* No, No, No.
* begins sprinting through the crowd of people * c
She didnt ask for anything
She didn't ask for anything
Leave her, we need to be cool again.
you have designs tomorrow
You have plans tomorrow
im with a spanish girl , if she aint adios !
come get me then since your about to run away and hide
come get me then since your about to run away
come get me then since your about to run away lmao
What's up with Twitter, it is so bad sometimes lol
I parked next to a red corvette so people don't immediatley notice the car I have.
parked next to a red corvette so people don 't immediately notice the bad car i have .
She is trying to sleep with everybody's ex's
But some just ruined me entire night
Someone just ruined my whole night.
but some just ruined my whole night
What? Don't be like that.
im up here sending boring emails so i can make some exciting money
I'm up here sending emails so I can make some exciting money lol
i am here sending emails so i can make some money
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
im bout to make a s0ng with dat guy and my boy
I'm about to make a song with him and my boy.
we all know a draw is meaningless at this stage of the season
we all know a draw is nothing at this stage of the season !
i 'll miss you too baby , so much
I'll miss you too baby very much
It's gone really bad.
you 're a babe , don't mind them, they just jelly ! xx
You know well im not in school.
you know that i'm not in school
you know damn well im not in school lol
This looks expensive.
that stuff looks very expensive
That thing looks expensive
Sorry that's why I mess with you ! lol
i miss you
thank god i was going in on this person u tweeting me is saving her lol
But i might joke around n end up w another one lol
Things got out of control tonight ha ha
things got outta hand tonight haha
Things got out of Control Tonight.
losing him to a twitter hoe would be a bad
That irritate me
well , you are ' stooping to my level ' by tweeting me .
that 's wrong i would die if i tweeted you back not if i didn 't
No, you just talked a lot bad about me and I have had enough.
U just talk a lot of about me and i Don't like that.
b officialy mine bra ima put dat on worldstar 15 wat u thankk ?
We already know what you goona look, just don't be so obvious
we already know you are going to look, just don't be so obvious.
I still don 't get how the no one noticed that .
i still don 't get how no one noticed that
I thought she will hit me t be honest
They had a bad experience in their first romance.
Their first experience together was not so great.
not my daughter
Not my daughter.
my gosh what nooooo i haven't
what nooooo i haven 't !
Oh no what no I haven't!
Same thing except getting ready for work as usual and making breakfast for the hubby.
Same life, except getting ready for work and making breakfast for my husband.
Same thing except getting ready for work as usual and making breakfast for the hubby
I am in so much pain
yes ! im in pain
you should try your best on that.
I feel eating roti prata now.
If you angry then be angry.
It wasn't abandonment! And I haven't been able to draw anything
it wasn 't abandonment ! and i haven 't been able to draw anything
I'm unable to dance
dance ? lol that makes me gag
with my friends and not being able to trust them and them going behind my back etc etc
but u sittin there sayin whom u gona beat
damn that hurt me soul I was going to get souped haha
I know it.
I already known it
I know it.
Chillin looking around.
Chillin looking around
"she was on them for hours yelling "" i love it"
i've been alright i guess how about you
I guess i am alright, how about you?
It was pinned up! Thank you
I am bad at that thing, please don't judge me
You've really been into wrestling again, huh?
You really been on that wrestling again huh? Haha
You're really into wresting again?
our island could be anywhere i don 't give just want as my president
She needs the break
She just need a break
use a glass of water and drink it
use a glass of water and drink it .
lol cas & looks are very deceiving - p , i may be little but not good
"in my house we refer to it as the "" mcas ."
In my house we refer to it as the MCAS.
Oh my god, audition at 40 of mac?
Oh my god the audition is about to start.
Omg ,he is so fine.
Now why did you go to see that?!
now why did you go see that thing ? !
very welcomee keep up the goodwork ! < 79
Will bite you back!! Whats ur name sweetie, I'm anne-marie
What are you going to do?
What are you saying?
I am tired of that which you show first hand.
Excuse me I was just trying to correct you
I guess I am
How is he
Oh how is he now
i mean it ain 't a bad class , jus make sure u find somebody here
Just because they're not some indie band no one has heard of , you don't like them.
Just because they're not some terrible indie band no one has heard of,you don't like them
I will replace you.
I will replace you
blackthoughts2 is the hands down!
woah i'm sumn lik tht too
i 'm sumn lik tht too
lol we got a makaveli twist for all of you
Lol we got a makaveli twist for all of you
the hair blends real well bouta be fye ! lol
The hair really blends well
what are you saying ? i cannot understand a thing .
what are you saying? i cannot understand a thing
i dont understand
I'm beautiful thank you.
Will, I have a pretty head and face thank you very much.
I have very pretty head and face thank you very much.
But i sure love working with a terrible hangover
keep it up dont think what haters say
Yeah I know argue vj's bad when it comes to lesson hour 83
That thing was priceless.
Lmfao! Yo that was priceless hahahaha
lmfao!! the stuff was priceless hahahaah.
yes ! i own the dvd and peeped it when it was on bbc
thanks bestie, love you ! ! ! xx
All people love me all people love me you are not with my doggie
rt yeah you gone be 53 nd | y 'all email me that too lol i wanna hear it
Hah no way, I would be out of a job if it was
hah no way , i 'd be out of a job if it was
oh my god its 6 pm
Oh it’s 6pm
oh its 6 pm
Yeahhh right husband you always messing me uo when im at work pay back <29
u look like a low budget troy polamalu lookin bad
so busy. not on twitter
very busy , not on twitter
I am very drunk, i am so high
grabs handfull of popcorn and throws at my besties! ha.
Grabs handful of popcorn and throws at my friends! Ha
Grabs handful of popcorn and toss on my friends
just played a boring game
just played a boring game
just played a boring game
May be she is, but I'm done with this
Maybe she is, but I am done with this.
maybe she is , but im done with this.
I work with youth and just went ape when one of them played Caillou on their phone.
I work with youth and just went shocked when one of them played caillou on his phone.
So i get to be the bad sister? Cheers!
Well I like it
well ! i like it
All right. I like it.
"So I will end this with a ""go away"" and have a nice day lol"
oh that messed up and he moved.
i think this post and comment fight could do with your opinion
we down 28
awww we down 28
_ smh well get on that and get off twitter !
I use my very old cell so ill check the link later
When people think too much they start to say dumb things even if you are the smartest person on earth
When people think too much they start saying stupid things even if you are the smartest person on earth
Get yourself together, I got myself together lol
it it was hot !
I'm gonna be mad if it do!
Ima be very angry if it do.
xd right ? * sticks tongue out
How did you find this?
how u find this
I had a dream I made love to Chris brown in an elevator.
I know she must look not good.
I know she must look bad.
lol true, and same thing really over here, my eyes is getting heavy
Its true, and same thing happened over here, my ayes is getting heavy.
Buy new and don't mind the car, you'll be in London living zone 23
Buy new car and you will be going in London Zone 23
pffft buy new and the car you 'll be in london living zone 23
I have to make that money though!
Got to make that money though
its something like aisha or thing like that
Nothing worse than unreliable work.
I just knew you were here lol this thing funny
Yes
Yes.
What are you doing 47 night ?
And if you and Keegan don't go in DMS
but when people die its just like they deserved and then
Always saying we're not good and then we won.
gone head
Yes! Now we need a guitarist, a bass guitar, and a rhythm guitar.
We only need a guitarist along with a bass guitar and a rythem guitar
back of saying i need to get laid
females must know that we on point so accurate with this
He is lazy.
now thats permanent protection for you
We fight so much.
We fight a lot.
i remember seeing you at cagefest
I remember seeing you at cagefest
actually got more girls then you that is a problem ! that’s not tight
You are so confused that you won't even remember this conversation tomorrow.
you're so drunk that you couldn't remember this conversation for tomorrow, anyway.
You're loss that you won't even remeber this conversation tomorrow, anyway
yeah he will the bad guy
i got something you can drink
remember i called this when they were winning ? such a joke , this team is soooooooo bad.
i 'm jealous i wish i knew what school im going to
i'm jealous i wish i knew what school i'm going to
I'm jealous I wish I knew what school I am going to.
Gotta be up at 74. My life is so hard.
Have to be up at 74, my life is hard.
Gotta be up at 74 my life is so hard
He was rude
neon trees ? i wanty see one ? koko sounds bad but aye i know
Man, she is so cold
man that so cold .
Man that so cold.
i wanna be there for the world famous slap contest
Your reason made me stay at home.
When he stated with that rockstar, he fell off
New thing coming. Thanks tho
You think we going to sit in the house? Oh pleas no
you think we are going to sit in the house? no we are not.
Blackberries are not good. You are slacking with an iPhone there? You know me now.
Wat u tryna do smoke sum
I have no time for twitter, I am busy chasing money.
well you kept publically saying how much you want to beat him so
Girl nothing is tweeting me off
girl nothing tweeting
you know about me. because you know me before
and jamaar gettin on my nerve
and jamaar gettin on my nerve
You , get over it
You should get over it.
That's funny young man
hahah that is funny , what a young man you are
hahah that is funny , crafy young man you are
like skinny tops & unbuttoned cover - all shirts that can deal with belly also
i like skinny tops & unbuttoned cover - all shirts that can deal with ass & belly also
rt they still get micro braids ?
I don't backstabbed someone.
I never understood that saying.
i 'm not okay , i 'm not okay
i'm not okay.
No, you doubt wanna do it.
bad romance is my thing.
aye a forgot castlemilks in paddy land haha he 's not good anyway
How's the head?
I feel as to hit my head against a wall seriously
Things are even more complicated
This is more complicated
I was thinking the same.
i was thinking the same way
I will just hop on the weekends I'm home then.
I just stay at home on the weekend then.
I 'm a whinge with dedication problems and a standard mistrust of adult males ! We may be alone
i'm with commitment issues and a general distrust of males! we can be alone
Which means I'm getting messed up
Which means I'm getting in trouble.
Even tho people played him out.
Even though unfair people played him out
I am not going to do it with all of you.
im not going to do it to neither of yal cause of you .
I don't have words for you if you don't know ex factor.
She rarely make it on time.
her middle name is late i bet he wont make it on time
I call snatch and you ain't getting none.
good kid , well played
all the freshman this year are not qualified
liverpool will always be the same, different faces
Liverpool will always be the same old, just different faces.
It's a drinking in the afternoon kind of rainy day fact
It's a drinking in the afternoon kind of rainy day fact
It is a drinking in the afternoon kin of rainy day
no one is gonna go out with a suicidal
Walks in the house, not happy neighborhood
It is funny that he chased around the whole block cause he thought we were thieves.
The funniest thing, he chased around the whole block because he thought we were thieves
i don't really mess with him like that
i dont really interact with him like that
Lol that was a funny conversation
LOL I showed them my chin hairs and he smacked
Where does did person know me from??
hey behind every great woman , is a guy looking at her ....
my hair is super longgg
It's terrible not to have a job
Ya get a latte every morning , lol
Tell him they are only as beautiful as the favorites woman taking care of them.
I know when I wake up I'll be in trouble
i jus know when i wake up ima be in trouble
My butt hurts, I fell really hard last night how did you not laugh?
You my hurts, fell mad hard last night how did you not laugh
i think we were all just really held up last night
i think we were all just really tired last night
so they gonna play the same that's ridiculous
So they gonna play the same that's ridiculous.
some other girls are just fake
some other girls are just fake
why you ain 't say this a year ago
are you serious ! lmfao you started that! with yo apple sauce slurpn imao
we 're people as a whole uh oh
My name's no longer nor but because I'm a free person, babe !!
swear , the one day i don 't walk with and this happens !
hey ! did i appear bad on saturday
i'm not getting myself involve.
why ? b c she just got me a muh room
good kuz that stuff is not cool!
anderson cooper said he contacted beyawnce mooriah & usher & they never responded
anderson cooper said he contacted beyawnce mooriah and usher and they never responded
They should screw themselves if they can.
That person is asking questions now
That guy popping questions and staffs now
It's his fault, I was reading everybody lyrics.
That's his fault. I was reading everybody's lyrics
Leafs and habs fans unite the canucks.
leafs and habs fans unite the canucks .
everybody unfollow her
everybody unfollow her please
what’s wrong with you phone ! right i just tweeted the same thing about 90 times
Whts wrong with you! Rt i jst tweeted the same thang bout 90 times
some people are actually so pathetic that it makes my skin crawl
Some people are actually pathetic that it makes my skin crawl
ahahahaha that 's funny
Why are you talking nonsense on twitter?
I just called you
He really just got back from da a ah couple weeks ago
nice, and may I ask how you get hurt?
may i ask why your bottom hurts ?
My phone just almost died on, i did like some ninja stuff to get to the other phone.
my phone just almost died on,i did like some ninja to get to the other phone.
I don't like California and people in it! I love LA.
the industry made me annoyed
We need a cure for broken hearts, that guy probably cries during sex.
That's what I mean when I say 'whatever' lol
This woman was in karate?
It looks nice, not all that fun to me, ill take halo over gears all day
Whatever let it go.
I don't know, whatever
ayy! i hate being a girl.
Rt rt people whipped over the joints
wateva shay we not goin to never be together cause you be on that
I'd have on my back along
dat dude is tall aint he lol
R u working at sq?
headphones on , dusting out of the place then ?
I was just kidding
Because your phone is damage with just a little water on it
bc your phone couldn 't sustain a little water damage .
now see if i was to come right now you'd be like in trouble
Yes! All of my friends are haters
noboooddyyy lol im jus wytcha broham
i wit rewind too , nobody ever rapped a song in reverse
i rewind too , nobody ever a song in reverse
I want to start buying all old shirts
he is here to defend me and not to prosecute me
Gutted there's no pics of me losing my temper at letlive last night
Yep! Wish I could take it back!
LoL don't even try to pull the you know on me bro.
I want a brother lls
I don't think they care about some women being in the side door.
your all subtweeting is so funny
twitter made me unfollow
and that 's how you let the beat build
yeah it was besides me bussin me
Obviously I want to talk
obviously i want to talk about
Skin will be dry.
It's frozen
this is already frozen.
This piece is really hard
You will have a beef in a minute
Who did? And Don't say you did.
What a flavor combo!
Lol what a flavour combo!
Today is the offcial 35th say of spring
i agree with that nothing like the feelin of gettin a load blown up
I don't like that girl.
It is supposed to be keep quiet
It's supposed to be stay silent, man
on some john hughes
It's better than most computer programs.
m how u what today heard the ride go away
These guys wanna keep a mystery like its amusing
Something was in the tunnel jawn when we were walking back to the car.
It was in the tunnel jawn when we were walking back to the car
I get bored if I'm not doing anything
I get bored whenni am idle
my ride is a white lesbian named becky lol and were picking up 36 others.
My girl is a white lesbian named becky lol and we're picking up 36 other girls
I couldn't care less anymore. Being nice gets me nowhere.
so u packed in that wit abuncha chanks lookin like 20 th street store everywhere
my behind hurts now is all
Forget tl lets add to the convo lmao
I Don't like curly. I'm black.
stuffed me with food
thank you ! rt wow ! ! congrats ! ! ! kickin on idol and itunes ! onthefloor
word ! who they think they is ?
hahah and once i get up from that powerbomb im gonna beat you
It's wrong
Mum always makes problems
that just blew my mind ! cant stand that person!
Celtic obey Irish while we obey British
Never put me in your box if you eat tapes
It worked but it is talking bout some other I ain't with it.
she must not know ill punish her
he phoney!
yea people finna be dmin trash talkin me and now hatin
You don't even really be talkin' but bout so why should I follow you ?
He is a bad person
cause its the truth ! very underrated .
it is because it is the absolute truth ! the rate is bad .
were his ears always this enomours? she doesnt look okay
And Ross talks about things? Right, he don't even make sense half the time.
Got some things for the home,gotti also
I might block you know, lol.
oh yeah ! indianapolis !indiana rules ! !
Oh my profile pic so sexy.
Oh my profile pic sexy ?
damn sure use to hang out with him the long way wit da wiz
Lol he is too grown gor his thing to be that small
prepare tonight for st louis whoop x 99
Are you ready for crazy stuff tonight in st louis
Certain females don't need to have twitter if it's to nonsense about emotional trivial in their life.
It's sad when you care about someone who doesn't care about you.
We always destroy good stroke.
Slow down with the replying sistaaaa + im calling you a not as nice person as me
This girl came on stage dancing lookin like a 50 year old teyana taylor.
Said that first drop was bad
lls white people make some weird things.
no because i dnt have time to argue with little girls over some snow
I will hate myself later but it's worth it
That is gross I rly be foolen
Me and nick mundy just got beaten by two random people,great
i got five felonies , i got siz felonies , i got seven felonies , im bill belamy
Your man said some real bad things.
not on no groupie
oomf was assume to sice me with pasta for my birthday
This is crazy
who told you this lie, bedroombody in the dark maybe .
oh she was annoying I am telling you x.
uurgh ! ! i hate theemmm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
ireland beat england but we can 't ?
So we doing this? I'm going to beat you like I did at twister
He push some things out of that guy.
aha , no i will sit in the golf cart lol
Keep talking nonsense and being fake.
You lose in our wars every time
You lose in our wars every time
you do? i thought we were too old for that.
You do? I thought we were too old for that thing.
I do ! There is no reason a woman should text me good morning
I know! There is no reason a girl should text me good morning.
they are a good team, but i just don’t agree with them
They are a good team but I dont like them.
wen u comin back out here
when are you coming back here?
there is no way someone else is going to.
no way someone else is going to .
no way someone else is going to .
bruh all these folk are on that guy
you know the usual , eating and sleeping.
You know the usual, eat and sleep.
What where you upto last night
What was you doing last night
What was you doing last night?
My computer is broken and my phone too! So disappointed!
My computer is broken and my phone too, what is this?
Both my computer and phone are broken.
I got myself dirty again.
Who is Rebecca Black and why has she been a tt all weekend?
who is this rebecca black and why has she been at all weekend
Oh, I really need to read that novel.
I need to read that novel
*gasps*I need to read that novel!
Didn't I just call you?
Didn't I just call you?!
Can you please and get over it.
Can't you just get it over with?
Can't you just get over with it?
i 'm so proud of them .
I'm so proud of them.
I am so happy for them
That was funny.
i miss you even more i was supposed to se you on saturday but my dad didn't allowed
I miss you even more. I was supposed to see you on saturday but my dad ruined my plans.
get it get it ha ! all the cool things happens to everyone but me
if you ever need help holding it down this side of the rio grande.
if you ever need help this side of the rio grande .
if you ever need help holding things down this side of the rio grande
they got stuff in the big gym
they got things in the big gym
They got in trouble in the big gym
Oh yeah he don't count johnnie
I got too many tweets and I miss you
I have got too many tweets and I miss you all
lol I got too many tweets & I miss you
reply to fb , its important
Reply to fb, it's important!
Reply to fb, it's important
you came up with that
you came up with that lol
I need to pay for the thing first.
will do haha , need to pay for the thing first haha
send me another zip up from your line ! it's so comfy
What?how was it?
sharon blocked me ! ? ! what ! ! ! we had a bond
sharon blocked me we had a bond
I'm bored! Wats the move?
I am bored.
i am bored.whats the move
Oh! it’s just for withdrawals.
It’s just for withdrawals.
it 's just for withdrawals
i wish i knew more spanish.
I wish i knew more spanish.
Lazy people
I have an interview next week and they'vs specifically requested a print-based portfolio.
I have an interview next week and they have specifically requested a print based portfolio.
I have an interview next week and they've specifically requested a print based portfolio.
she is bad but im so sorry you thought it was youu
But girls only do it to me because I'm having coloured uggs, that's some basic thing
I missed my alarm for twice
My alarm went off twice and i still in the bed.
My alarm went off twice and I still don't get up.
oh thats boring well i 'm gonna sleep goodnight !
get the stick out of me
Hes epic in FIFA tho
He's Epic in FIFA .
don 't use my name in a tweet
Girl don 't use my name in a tweet
lady don't use my name in a tweet
that was some sad.
that was sad
That was sad
Lol! how did she talk to you?
How did she talk to you?
how did she talk to you ? !
it's moments like now where you sit back , take a breath and realize how bad the situation is
it's moments like now that you sit back, take stock and realize how messed up things are.
i just put too much eucalyptis oil in my mid day bath
i just put too much eucalyptis oil in my mid day bath
I just put too much eucalyptus oil in my mid day bath.
sit down
Hey, I'm back > d
hey , i 'm back
it was a fluke you said the only thing you didn 't have was the fudge
it was a fluke you said the only thing you didn't have was the fudge
Turn it
Feels the same as being 100my mom is going to Antigua for a month tomorrow.
feels the same as being 100, my mom is going to antigua for a month tomorrow.
feels the same as being 100 my mom is going to antigua for a month tomorrow awesome stuff man
I don't remember anything about it.
i oint remember about this
I don't remember anything about it
First mistake I do at work, is the biggest mistake I could've ever done
first mistake i do at work , is the the biggest mistake i could 've ever done
Send me your address, and I'll send it to you when I get it.
when i get it send your address and ill send it
That’s is just a wrong move .
that 's just a bad move
I need to do to the gym
cool cool i needa take myself to the gym i been slacking this week lol
i hope he comes
I hope he comes
I hope he comes.
I have gotten too much bad thing
I've gotten into too much i guess.
nothing changes with your parents when yiu turn 5
It doesn't change anything with your parents when you turn 5
I agree with you that his performance is bland and shallow
Give some kind of respect to colleagues for once
give some respect to your colleagues for once
Give some respect to colleagues for once
glad to read that but so proud of you two
you are so right
you are so right
You are so right!
You don’t like me but some people love me.
I see you talking badly about me up and down your tl someone thinking of me are cute baby boy.
i got so many woman chasing me.
I got so many girls chasing me
i know , im all obbsessed
I know I'm all obsessed and not fair
It is very cold.
This cold is too much to bear.
It’s really cool right now
I miss you.
Going in on these tweets
Bet, sounds dope dude
Bet, it sounds really great
Who are you?
Who are you?
who are you ?
Depressed, like always
I feel so discouraged as ever.
only cuz yu crack me up so i say things like this to keep going lol
Oh no I liked that mixtape lollololl
I liked that mixtape
hey, i liked that mixtape lollololl
I told her that if she messed up that she will not be considered a good girlfriend.
Fox would pay a lot and they have a network channel.
You are taking credit for something I wanted to do
You're taking credit fro something i wanted to do.
You take credit for some I wanted to do.
lola is a beast ok
And i hate it cuz of that reason
i should of went
You aint come to class smart !
bare on about paparazi like she's experienced before
bare on about paparrazi and like she 's experienced it before
Bare on about paparazzi and like she's experienced it before.
haha nothing much how about your wondering
Haha nothing much how about you wondering here?
That is what I was trying to tell him.
lmao that 's what i was trying to tell him
lmao that 's what i was trying to tell him
The color of male organ can be differ from their body
Sonny is chance to got fat prego
suburban right now boii .
I'm too much to Punch a wall,and I love gizmo,I wouldnt hurt him.
im too scared to punch a wall. and I love gizmo. i wouldn't hurt him
Your lemon squares taste not good.
Kissing and holding you at the same time makes me feel good.
how it is nice to kissing you and holding you close.
Kissing you, holding you close to me.
Nah slim unless jaden got us with and stashed his mine is gone already lol
i 'm the cutest girl out here
i'm the cutest out here
for all who thought i didn 't have hair because i wore tracks
You thought I didn't have hair beacuse I wore tracks
it's not a big issue to argument over.
it 's not what they fighting over
That's is why i am here
That's why I'm here .
That's why i'm here.
finished reading the heroin diaries , and i loved it
Finished reading the heroin diaries anf I reallybloved it.
finished reading the heroin diaries , and i loved it
If i could move, I'll teach you a lesson
But it gets old up here sometimes too
But things get old up here sometimes too
But it gets old here sometimes.
This job is not interesting for me.
I been on my grind with this job.
i been on my grind with this job
Looking back there was something going on.
looking back, there was something going on.
Nanos-great or bad? Please vote.
Nandos - great, or no? Please vote
Nandos - good or bad? Please vote.
I am getting older and I wanna be a kid again
I'm getting older want to be a kid again Imao
Not getting older I wanna be a kid again lmao
sure, see you later.
sure , see you later
See you later
When you coming to see me , I miss you
I miss you. When are you coming to see me
Hey i miss you! When are you coming to see me?
that 's it i 'm calling guillermo to tell him
That's it I'm calling Guillermo to let him know about some things
that 's it i 'm calling guillermo to tell him something
"im starving i gotta go get some food "" quire leche ? lol"
OMG look that russian lettter wow ! what was this ?
Look, a russian letter amazing. What is this?
i wasn 't aware you had tumblr i 've just followed you
i wasn 't aware you had tumblr i 've just followed you
Though he disturbs, he knows much.
Well don't let him send me a friend request.
well don 't let him send me a friend request i will deny it
Well don 't let him send me a friend request i will deny that.
Right up missing the bad thing out of my gf, good thing I live with mine.
rt up early missing my gf - good thing i live with mine
rt up early missing my gf - good thing i live with mine
i bet you are ! girl talk
i bet you are ! girl talk yo lol
just do it !
just do it.
it is unwise to use a popular inet picture
I just do this for kicks
Oh I thought Jeffries was off the Knicks list !this could go down a treat!
i thought jeffries was off the knicks list ! this could go down a treat !
this is my second time eating today i had apples and oatmeal earlier
this is my second time eating today i had apples and oatmeal earlie
Aww me too haha so what are you watching? I feel like I'm being strange
Me too, lol, so what you watching? I feel like im being weird
What you watching? I feel weird
lol i eat chicken every thing.
I eat the whole chicken
A rickshaw knocked your car?
Does Richshaw hit your car?
Hope injuries forced changes
hope injuries forced changes otherwise??
sorry for being bad to you gabe
Sorry for being a total bad person to you.
If you don't want to come just tell me
but if u don't want to come just tell me
stop stalking my tweets.
Please don’t stalk my tweets.
no you weren't because you said you were barely getting on under so stop lying
no you werent because you said you were barely getting on so stop the lie
he is nothing to be regarded for .
here you go , well let me be a flunky then
Here you go , well let me be a flunky then
yes yung and i feel naive ova here tryin keep up yuh know i just made this
You have to do that on time before they take it down
you need to do that before they take it down
stop tryna go.
Stop trying to go. I mean it.
Stop before i destroy you.
all that good things you love.have a good birthday
all those things you love and have a good birthday
all that you love and have a good birthday
I can't take it when something bad happens to you guys
wow- even high on flu meds there is still bad news on tv
Everybody is getting on my nerves.
everybody getting on my nerves.
everybody is irritating me
Dad told me to catch him up.
barney frank so good on that piano .
hopefully i can get some sun
I need to get some more sun for my pale body.
i feel like doing some evil right now.
I feel like doing some unacceptable things right now.
I feel like doing something bad right now .
It never was and never will be.
It was never bad and has never gotten bad
It never was a bad thing and it is going to be bad.
- - - & & neither one of them have hair haha !
- - - & & neither one of them have hair haha !
All my timeline is full of this about 57 day and Im just like stfu.
all my timeline is not good and i am closing my mouth like a zip.
Just forget about it, since you don't understand.
That's just so rude.
that 's just so rude .
that's rude
Oh crap! I nearly forgot what time is it.
oh god i almost forgot what time
You're gonna live by midnight and that is a nightmare
You are gonna live by midnight, and that is a nightmare.
And what makes you think that you are a mean person?
It's dealing well on well-known stock market.
it trades high on famu 's stock market .
Me either grandma of the goddess
It is called auto correct on my iphone.
It is called auto correct on my iphone.
it 's called auto correct on my iphone
I ain't going for a year
I aint going for a year!!!
I ain’t going for a year ! ! !
Stop blaming it on me.
stop blaming on me
you got to admit that was very hilarious though!
you gotta admit that was hilarious though!
you gotta admit that was hilarious though!
No I don't otherwise I wouldn't have asked who is cory
no i dont otherwise i wouldnt have asked who is cory
No I don't, otherwise I wouldn't have asked who is cory.
You won't even last a day here with that kind of attitude.
You won't even last a day here with that un greatful thing
No!
Lol no no no
ohh that good tho i just got a job interview d
i just got a job interview
That's good, I just got a job interview.
That was you?dude you are huge
Oh my! That was you??dude you are huge
I don't like whoever voted me that
Whoever voted me for that, I felt very sad.
Then I am in mexico!
Then I’ll be in Mexico!
then I am in mexico !
It won't be long till 55
He doesn't know too well but I did
I'll figure this out.
ill figure this out
Please do not call me again. We are already out of relationship.
have you done some type of survey or something to prove that sir?
Have you done somw type of survey or something to prove that sir?
Have you done some type of survey to prove that sir?
dom someone clothes are done vote if i should move they stuff or not lol
My mom always affects me
I swear my mom give me headaches.
all day talk i dont mind
who do you think your talking to ? you sound as if you think your above everyone else
Who do you think you're taking to. You sound like you think you're above everyone else
ohmy i'm friend with cute now!
ohmy i 'm friends with cute girl now !
Well, if you find out, just let me know, I must get out of here and come through this.
well,if you find out let me know,I might get off and come through.
well if you find out lemme know , i just might get off and come through lls
If there is something i learned tonight, i need to get my body back in shape
if there is one thing i learned tonight , i need to get back in shape lmao
She is the person who showed me that stuff.
Aye bro u do the conflict and analysis change thingy sheet paper
U do the conflict and analysis change sheet paper.
why do i always listen to you
why do i always listen to you
It is annoying for me to listen to you always.
I took the knife to the door
mondays rock my world , i literally love this
Mondays rock my world. I love this
I like it when the sun is coming out.
I just realized how beautiful tattoos actually are
Captain is bad.
Captain crunch is the best.
Captain crunch is not good.
If I do hate him, what business is it of yours?
what is your business if I hate him?
if i do hate him , what business is it of yours ?
Road up to Savoy that wasn't hitting on anything gotta see where everybody at
i dont think i know this person youre talking about
I dont think I know the girl your talking about.
He can tell anyone he wants to
He can tell anyone he wants to withdraw
he slowly and nervously makes love to her
my life ! well good thing its only 36
He said you said me bad words.
I'm extra , extra careful now
i 'm extra , extra careful now
What does your bio say? And do you speak English?
What is your bio say? And do u speak English? It is great
You have to be kidding me if youre thinking that youre not one of these guys
You have to be kidding me if you are thinking that you are not one of these guys
I keep it real in this phony business.
i keep it real in this phony business
I keep it real in this phony business.
put alot of that green stuff on
Put alot of that green on
I went 24 months then I messed up hard to get back on track.
Why do we live so far away
Why do we live so far away
Why did she make me laugh?
Why did this make me laugh shawty?
Why did this case make me laugh ?
i'm tired of your drama, its over.
I don't treat you bad
I don't treat you badly
i don't treat you badly.
they were just callin way too many fouls and was not ok.
It didn't thin out the frosting which was really nice. Glad you found it.
it didn 't thin out the frosting which was really nice ! glad u found it.
The video hasn't even started
The video haven't even started
That is a job well done !
Imao that 's a job well done
that 's a job well done !
Just to release more quickly
but again this is arbitrary and may not apply to you personally as an artist .
But again, thisbis arbitrary and may not apply to you as an artist.
yes, she can't pronounce that
Don't listen to me while you are thinking of another.
Don't be listening to my words while thinking of another
don't be listening to my words while you thinking of another.
Why would I make a real video to your song without you?
why would i make a real video to yo song witout you
after 49 what are you saying?
What you sayin after 49
I coudnt stand this.
i got 23 lbs and here i tought it was just me and the tv
I thought it was just me and the tv put on 23 lbs
i thought it was just me and the tv put on 23 lbs.
like anyone ever left up out her
oh you didn 't know ! ! ! ! you better call somebody! ! ! ! !
Oh you don't know!!! You better callll someboddyyyyy
i love that song <89 but im LISTENING to eminem right now
love that song < 89 but i 'm listening to eminem right now haha
I love that song, but I am listening to eminem right now
Im going hard to paint.
im going hard in paint dude
im going hard in the paint nigga lol
you look like you would beat somebody
girl this just got started.
girl this jus got started
Girl this just got started
The lakers are very good, especially for the big things on the line.
what did you do
I don’t like hd TVs because it so clear
HD on these new TV doesnt satisfy me, they need to tone it down some, to clear.
hold on, these news TVs really annoys me, they need to tone it down some point to clear.
No, fix your 79 st.
i 'm gamma defeat you and i am gamma go buy one with
I'm back before I unfollow him
again with the ignoring girl
you are making yourself to look inedacuative
contrary to popular belief i think all time low is bad.
the Beatles are y favorite band
the beatles are my favorite band.
the beatles are my favorite band.
i saw him in ny last week
""" i saw him in ny last week"
They want it all up front now
guys want it all up front now
How about Justin King? That is so amazing.
how about justin king - punkdified ? that is amazing !
I know he got my bad things.
just sitting around doing nothing
Just sitting around.
yeah but it 's really * great *.
Yes but its really great
yeah but it's really great.
what is happening in this picture? why can't the world make any sense?
my boyfriend got arrested for throwing a rock at someone's windshield after the followed us.
They made my boyfriend arrested because their windshield was broken by him.
My boyfriend got arrested for throwing a rock at someone's windshield after they followed us
Girl me too I will stay at home
Heat not so good this year
Heat isn't bad this year.
You know black folk don't return. I
move
Need to wait patiently two weeks for my 71 power cord.
gotta wait two weeks for my 71 power cord
I love you , thank you
i love you, thank you
I love u dearly
nobody understand what im saying ! they acting like its cool
Nobody understand what I'm saying. They acting like It's cool
Nobody understand what i'm saying! they acting like its cool.
i couldn't see anything
I could not see anything.
trying is hard !! you don't know that i am trying
i'm not baking cakes that requires much effort
Lol, I’m not baking cakes that stuff requires to much effort.
but that guy is just simple
now i feel like worthless
now i feel very bad
now i feel bad
tumblr , you gotta fix, you know ?
Tumblr, you should fix you bad things, you know?
what you had wanted earlier.
What you had wanted earlier
Haha that 's not a lie at all so stop showin things for twitter lil boy lol
It was on my ipod and I ain't update that in years
It was on my ipod, I didnt update that in years.
drive down tomorrow i aint got nothing to do.
Drive down tomorrow I don't have anything to do.
That is not a secret.
that is not a secret
I'm so sick of all the rap and all the r & b being all over techno
What if your mother sent you something?
I can’t love anyone anymore.
you're odour is unpleasant
I miss spotlight very much.
i miss spotlight like burning
where carley at? she is the only one i trust
where is carely? she is the only one I trust.
It's only the 1st day but I'm just bored and weather's bad
it 's only the first day but i 'm just bored and the weathers are bad.
I was going to make one too. I am all grown up.
I'm already grown man, I going to make like that
and he was talking bad things about duct tape sating it won’t do anything
How do you get blood on your shirt?
How did you get the blood on your shirt.
How’d you get blood on your shirt
I try to hang on the side of pool as much as I could.
yo its hot man
can this movie start already .
Ugh, can the movie just start already
I am a grown man .
imma grown man , girl
cool , i was gonna say i got some nice things here d
Cool, i was about to say that i got some nice things here
* she rolls her eyes * stop being scared and get in the car!
I like pop punky
I also like pop things.
her thought retweet looks like she might actually be shaped like a corn pop.
I care though because you are important to me.
I give enough though cause your important to me.
I care because you are important to me
leave it if you dont 't agree
u 'd be surprised all the things u think about when u jus sittin there
You well be surprised by bad things you think about when you just sitting there
You would be supriesd all the things you think about when you are just sitting there.
lol yea and you know i really dont even be on her
well sometime this week im getting my tattoo revived lol! & i don't wanna go alone
That is the 18 day trip s
Needa get some things off my mind !
needa quit thinking about some crap !
Stop laughing and help me
stop laughing and help me like i asked .
Paul reiser on TV every week
paul reiser on tv every week
Paul reiser on tv every week
everytime you call it a ' bad words' i die inside
sumone did some off the wall ! notcooltweet .
sumone did some off the wall .
someone did some off the wall.
I want mine
I want mine.
i dont have anything to hide
I don't have anything to hide
i know he is seriously insensitive !
i been on my hooping
i been on my hooping
thanks for breaking up my charger , now im phoneless till further notice !
Haha i just won’t though - cos you will never ever call me !xo
i just won 't though - cos you will never call me!
haha i just wont 't though- cos you will never call me! xo
Yeah straight your life,you gotta move from somewhere else
Please move somewhere else
It's so hot and I can't wait ahhh d
It’s so hot and i can’t wait.
I donr know man.I'm on my iphone 81.
dunno man haha i 'm on the my iphone 81 teehee
Idk, my hair out and something
my hair out
how fly was so awesome and was definitely wizs best thing
you gotta get yourself on the escalator first lol
Sounds like an unpleasant trip or something
It sound like a bad trip or something.
There are spiders under the bed ?
there are spiders under the bed.
come on, red sparowes is definitely the most antique when it comes to song titles.
I don't belong to anyone *paraphrasing jet li*
Friend from sienna heights cool.
Friend from Sienna heights is very cool
It sads when girls want to talk about you when they don't know all about you
- i shake my head - if he wants to be rude let him
Yes, that would make my day dear.
Yes, that would make my day great.
I wish I could sleep right now.
I wish I could sleep right now.
go take a cold shower guy ! ! they have became my best friend
Besides, you treat me in a bad way even on your birthday.
You were not in a good mood on your birthday.
Woah ! Fall your so nice
loool cause you probably was on that 56 thing
Cause you probably was on that 56.
"what you digging up ancient history for you?
what you digging up ancient history for you ? you 're so desperate ! edl
what you digging up ancient history for you? you 're so desperate ! edl
o real ? that makes my day wat town is that
I love you in a weird way too
d i love you in a creepy way too
lol we need to get out of these suspect parts of hoco
So I ain't it wow.
I am not in it
I don't even play that anymore.
I don't play that anymore.
i don 't even play that anymore
I wanna drop it today
I want to drop this thing today.
Lol i wanna give up today
- - your lying to me
you are lying to me.
you are not telling me the truth
What is north essex?
What is north Essex?
To think I actually loved you *laughs* I'm such unsuitable
Just go to bed I ain't the one that who has bedtime
uhh noo , you should go to sleep i ain 't the one who has a bedtime lol .
"what's the significance of the ""two things""??"
"whats the significance of the "" two things"" ??"
You never told me the time
Why u don't tell me the time?
This was fun for me! ! And you stay wearing tank tops and shorts!
You are still wearing tank tops & shorts. That is funny to me.
Sleep at 29+ , feel worse
You are in a recession here. You know, chocolate is expensive because it's crazy. Do you know how serious I am?
Thought that you was up there for a minute.
or a car < 31 said i care bout that
It was grey, but there
40 things about me whatever the number i'm on.
I was serious
i was serious.
i wouldn 't say that p
You are tweeting weird stuff
You tweeting uncanny stuffs.
i miss hugging you.
I miss hugging you.
i miss hugging you .
i bet a whopper that i 'm going to get awkward from eating
i bet a whopper that i 'm going to get awkward thing from eating
pffff i have way too much random and entertaining stuff in my room
i have way too much random and entertaining it in my room.
i could go find stuff to do but i'm lazy
I could go find stuff to do but I am lazy.
i am lazy.
You gunna park your car close to my car so i can't get in
you gunna park close to my car again so i can 't get in ?
this apartment too is bad
This apartment, too, is bad.
jeff didn 't say about that .
Jeff didn't say anything about that
jeff didn't say anything about that
Thay thing could come in handy.
This can be useful.
you aint seen a picture of me so how can i look like a boy
You are didn't see a picture of me so how can I look like a boy.
What the name of it? What I’m doing
what the name of it ? a thing thats what im doin
thats like me saying to you the beatles are bad
thats like me saying to you the beatles are bad haha
Let him know.
Girl I am a monster I belong on district 24.
My stepfather just switch off the internet access.
Yes! making a new CD?
yes ! making a new cd?
Too cute no say sumthin else
So adorable!!! Do not say something else.
you gotta come at me sideways
you gotta come at me sideways.
You gotta come at me sideways
i wasn't even late sir !
What is on my tv now?
What's on my TV now?
what is on my tv now ?
Sitting in the rain, the busses
Sometimes I wish I could sing like maxwell, but then I cannot.
sometime I wish i could sing like maxwell but then i just give up
Sometimes I wish I could sing like maxwell, but then I just let it be
right with the hornets
Completely right with the hornets !
"What you meant to say there was ""stop talking""."
what you meant to say there was 'keep quiet'
Don't argue with me
Bc you don't associate with me.
because you don't mess with me
Where is england
where were england
What about me?
What about me
I was bored
i was bored
my followers found that goofy too huh?
My followers found that goofy too huh?
Thanks! that was some scary syringe
thaks that was some scary syringe
I apologize for being a bad person then.
I apologize for not acting appropriately back then.
tell Casper to send me that.
tell casper to send me that !
Tell Casper to send me the thing.
Stop stealing my jokes.
You stealing my jokes and stuffs
you are stealing my jokes.
i sware i put music on it i dunno wer it went
i sware i put music on it i dunno wer it went piece of thing! !
i bought the mag the other day and it was about 63 pages of adults content
really i guess we do things like that now
Really I guess we do things like that now.
My new beats by dr
i need to tan!
There is nothing on the brief though, it's not even a project
there is nothing on the brief though, it's not even a project
just retweeted herself , she is so cool ! gosh !
just retweeted herself , she is so cool ! gosh !
gotta goto church with my family
I got to go to church with my family
Gotta go to church with my family
caitlin we need to talk tomorrow , if you can put up with my bad mood haha !
Caitlin, we need to talk tomorrow, if you can put up with my bad mood. Haha!
Underlooking someone gets you on a bad list
Moans , eyes rolling back and closing
i'll be early for the meet and greet , i went today and it was insane.
I'll be there early for the meet n greet, I went today and it was a bit hectic
water might make it slip off but not make it burn easily
water might make it slip off but not make it to burn
I wish someone would help me decide this jam session already
I wish someone would help me make a decision already with this kickback and this jam session
i wish someone would help me make a decision already with this kickback and this jam session
No reply is like that’s a deal breaker for me
He's going to punish you if you messed up some lyrics or movie quotes
I'm tired but this is a lot of work
I 'm sorry people are not being good to u.
I'm sorry people are disturbing you
No no no no no
I am talking about Microsoft
You know how it happened to you
You know how it sneeks up.
yeah i can! wait till i come.
It's just my iPhone acting up
It makes me laugh
Holy , dude that's amazing .
oh my god,that 's amazing
That really cool.
Watch out for those bad people.
I ain't heard anything from or about Nicky Minaj since that blackfriday video? She in hiding!
but i waitin for him and his chick to come
I don't know what to do.
i dont know how to work this.
I don't know how to work this.
where are you
where are you
oh hail nawl - - - - girl where are you ? !
this thing come on every week ! they should know how to spell it by now ! lol
this come on every week ! they should know how to spell it by now ! lol
I know if i don't help, it'll haunt me one day.
I understand if I don't help, It came be problem for me one-day.
He isn't playing good and had his ankle hacked all game
He is playing his ankle ruined the game
She's like my little sister, don't touch her.
*raises my wand* she likes my little sister, don't touch her!
Get this person of Twitter
yeas man ! many girls take forever they are all so called princesses
I am about to do that right now.
i'm bout to do this right now
i am about to do that right now
females are craziest of them all
-nips your ear-god, you’re so romantic.
you are romantic.
I just rolled up, but to blow one then hop in bed
I just rolled up, but to blow one then hop in bed.
This is too funny
I am tired and ready to leave as soon as possible.
I am leaving as soon as possible because I feel tired.
yea im tired , ready to leave asap
i wish it was bad.
I hope it was worse.
I remember u had me and driving around looking for that girl
I am not comfortable wit this dr
dont you look down on me
smh rt rt and the bad part about this whole day is
He went to change a tire look at my discovery blown hub.
It's not that you ain't, if anything it's on them.
Wesley called bellatrix a bad girl
I am waiting for you.
You have better luck
You better have a good luck.
collage english then ! i hate writing all the time lol
Absolutely, I can tell you have
I can tell that you have
Say Iil one the champ going have some more new , I bring you a copy when done .
I just had a nice home cooked meal. What about you?
I really had a good meal homemade.
Where have you been?
Where have you been
Where have u been?
Do you often tweet
how do u know? I woke up in a great mood
how much was his trainer talking?
how much was his trainer talking!
that is rad that you get to help backstage
that is rad that you get to help backstage
man dat dude jordan ain't tell me nothing bout it but most likely i am.
"Laughing out loud, She meant ""how many of you have got girlfriend"". Laughing out loud"
you are all really disrespectful
i 'm try to do easy things like cutting up stuff to pass time !
I'm try to do easy thing like cutting up stuff to pass time!
i was literally making stuff up off the top of my head for the most of that
what ? uni give me money ? i paid huge amounts for a education
what? uni give me money? I paid huge amounts for a poor education
mums making me go to school \boring subjects today and detention all lunch
mums making me go to school \ worthless subjects today and detention all lunch -
You got a large amount of gears.
That's right. That's my seat.
That's right, that's my seat
That's right ladies, that's my seat.
It is heartbreaking to have someone at long distance.
everyone i meet is always from some far away place and that's not good.
I hope this person leave me alone this time
To be honest I had to use the dictionary
No lie, I had to use the dictionary.
rt these white girls ozen playing near cold
I got my period!
dude, you have a way of saying some of the most interesting
She dont get any so she get stressed.
where you work at ? armane & justin left you down here smh .
Now,we was playing in my friend's room
We were playing in my friend's room.
i 'm not the only one doesn 't like it and what is swagger jagger ?
i 'm not the only one who doesn 't like it and what is swagger jagger ?
I don’t think so.
not see here since he came over about the 76 bottles off gin you took
not see here since he came over about the 76 bottles off gin you took
i hate some people in this world son, they so reckless life was easy before
why wht will you do weir do! ?
Oh! i 'm stuck in this chaptewr d
you never knew shes been prego for the past month
So you never knew she's been pregnant for the past month
Seriously though it’s great, a car gas is too much, 50
seriously though it's great,a car gas is too much,50
seriously though it 's great , a car gas is too much , 50
This thing is gettin crazy.
This matter is getting out of hand.
This is strange.
Some college has put my website on their reading list.
oh my god, some college has put my website on their reading list
and how am i being obnoxious?
Oh yeah it's just my whole life.
Mess up with my whole life.
Where are you from?
I'm going to watch PLL right now because I have soccer on every Tuesday.'
They in here looking outta and she ain't even here.
He made me mad.
I've been ready for you to come back.
i been ready for u to bring you back
i am really unimportant to you .
G, I was bad
I was like what?
what ? ? ? ? ? ? i aint heard from yo in foreva
You are not going to do this!
I love bruce springsteen
"why do people spell ""g"" words with a ""q"" ? stop doing it that way"
"why do ppl spell "" g "" words with a "" q "" ? ?"
"why do ppl spell "" g "" words with a "" q "" ? ? stop that thing. this is not good."
also thank the woman who saved me
It doesn't get any easier.
Best you know, I don't know anything.
Best you know, I didn't do it
Let her stay at her home
dont worry , joe horn is on my list too
Yes i did anything is better then both games combined.
Yes I already tested, it's really awesome like combined two game
yea i did it is better than both games combined
That is good
I was talking yesterday like was I just backed up and I'm ready to do the same today
I was talking yesterday lik was I just backed up and Im ready to da the same 99 day.
It's a date! Love you and goodnight gorgeous d<16
it's a date ! i love you and goodnight beautiful
41
who is with my besti? ther can be a failure to communicate
inhales sharply, shaking her head oh god ow i can't do this
* inhales sharply , shaking her head * oh god ow , i can 't do this
lmao omg that was so embarrassing I turned soft
As always I dun understand u but it's summer enjoy that will happen once in a yr
As always i don’t get you lol it’s summer enjoy that because that only comes once a yr
I didn't get u as always, it's summer, enjoy it, it only comes once a yr
good that should be a classic
lol, now that I think about it.
rawrrr!! lol now that i think about it
Until I mess everything up?
Yay.. finally my little sister take her tooth out.
can you be nice and write me down on that r , s , v , p
its about yo daddy
It concerns your father
go in the kitchen and cook dinner, honey
go in the kitchen and cook dinner
not today, i have some work to do but i will deal with it next time you go.
not today, i got some work to do but next time i will go with you
I said a dance team!
rofl ! ! ! soz but that just made me laugh ! seriously
rodl ! ! ! soz but that just made me laugh ! seriously tho that was that?
yeah it will be nice thing like they did last month in san antonio.
U know messial good 60 gettin himself beat by everybody but talk da most
Oscar on red carpet Kermit and piggy as hosts Statler and Waldorf talking in the balcony.
My phone malfunctioned yesterday.
I need to learn algebra before monday
so i need to re learn algebra b4 monday , yeah
lol!!!! take your bath now and get ready
hmmm but u still might need to pressure him about what we talked about on the phone.
Hmm but you still might need to remind him about what we talked about on the phone
bra tell me if that open or not !
Oh okk get your thing straight and don't come at me like that ! Lol
Oh okkk get yourself straight and don't come at me like that! 4
Man! I already know that why this pretty one aren't good enough.
cuz he's a millionaire and don't care! imao
Some people find a solution to their problems using violence, like that man.
Some people find a solution to their problems using violence , like that man !
Just watched new curb ep 98 Leon's funny
Just watched new curb ep 98 and it so funny .
whoever you are.
is like a genius
Miss I'm tweeting from an unknown place
that guy has some dope abs
Oh! Really, awesome! I love dogs, once I had one
oh ! really awesooomeee ! i love dogs , once i had one r
Be on his radar lady all week.
the glass of the heels was about to come off
faxx but sometimes you still get pregnant why you on it.
I just deal with them
i will if I can get up off this couch
Swiss beatz is pretty
i told you, you have never admit anything
I never showed you my private parts.
I know the golden girls very well.
you know i sleep with the goldengirls Imfao
has pile of things billie gave him to give to you
He wasn't insecure he just acted like most men will do, he wanted more sex
He wasn't insecure and he just never minded and wanted more than sex like most men.
I don't know whose lying to you
- < 10 , and i dont know who lied to you !
I really don't know who lied to you.
Please keep them stay at home by force.
You ain't fooling me.
I don't like android
dont do nun 10 me no more
Can u tell her mother to rear hers bcoz i need the internet?
he 's always riding round my way , he 's a naive
why are you in my bathroom
You are in my bathroom
i hate when folks ask me “why you up so late?” cuz i ‘m grown.
I hate when folks ask me “why you up so late?”. I’m a grown man.
I could get more women then you and I don't even flow that way.
well, and that’s worse than being mad
can you see my icon???i can’t sss twitter is messing up
what can go deeper than dubstep?
still insulting! bruh he wanna get what's coming for him real quick
Still talking!bruh he wanna get clapped up real quick.
What is that about?
What is that about?
Only lasted for 58 mins Thank God
only lasted for 58 mins, fantastic
What did you just call me ??
I was surprised when She was doing the MySpace pose!
I was like oh! She was doing the my space pose
detroit bvb concert tonight! can’t wait to see
like this one just blew out of me.
like this thing just blew my mind.
I kept seeing you tweet and realized we on the same thing
i kept seeing you tweet and realized we on the same thing
Omg im in a bad mood!
eat some jello pudding or something.
go eat some jello pudding or something
I do not have food to cook
i don't have food so i can't cook
lighten the thing up stabby .
Take it easy dude.
Lmaooo I had thee hardest time swallowin peanut butter
lmaoooo i had thee hardest time swallowin tht thick dry peanut butter smh
these online summer classes are unsuitable, they make me nervous.
Just stay quiet cause you're not tough.
Keep quiet. You're not tough
The song is so dope
he should kno dat < - - that henn have ya right too
finding nemo is so much better! he is misinformed
finding nemo 's so much better ! he is a retard
haha don't get yo move here son! and watchin anger management - _ _ -
yes! so annoying! now i can't have sex for 56 months!
Yes! It is annoying! Now I cannot have sex for 56 months like what! Laughing out loud.
Yes so annoying ! Now I can't have sex for 56months
was stealing pics acting like her i'm following the real page now tho
not got 46 , vodafone gone on strick i think no texts or anything
Not got 46 ,vodafone gone on strick i think no texts or anything
all i be saying , all i get is retweets and conversation
I'm at home and I wasn't going to get a car
You might get raped!
They can do it forcfully with you
How have you been I see you have been tweeting some inspiration messages
I'm just laying down in the dark, moving around
hell yea i just left the mall rt herm u know dem griffeys only came out in kids
I wish I felt sorry for him but I cant help but laugh at nani.
I can't hear you with all those tings in your mouth
i can't hear you with all that bad words in your mouth
No, he has to be on point
Oh no. His swag gotta be on point that is def
i heard about that, how damaged is it?
i heard about tha..how messed up is it?;
She doesn't like me and i dont like her
i didnt cause of the tv downstairs but ugh close call tho steelers - _ - anyways yeah
Well we dont want that to happen do we tch.
he has problem in his behavior saying in my mother's voice
lmao yeaaah it can if its the same thing over & over again
so i'm not able to join you on the fest.
Christ's speech is trustworthy.
kris didn’t talk lie, he spoke truthfully
This station is bad
man looking like im at a mall or something
At times she's decent tho! She can't blow like you but she's alright
you could be working now and earning extra money instead of complaining.
That thing doesnt the same no more.
i dunno anything about cars, but that's good looking set
i dunno much about cars , but that's a good looking set
the northern state and this traffic right now. It's awful
"her "" will she won 't she "" is pretty insufferable"
but that be thick dude
you don't understand me, i'm intelligent.
I bet you watch them too
I bet you watch the ladies though.
Let's play connect the dots with pimples.
let’s play connect the dots w pimples ! Probably going to come out bad !
a lot ! ! eofjchfirkbf love it !
bye sickening, i am easy if it comes to you.
its bc crash has stories to share about her hurting herself
nah people never have the thing I really wanna watch.
Can a woman get a stack?
and don 't talk to me like i 'm a dumb person
twilight breaking dawn is it ? well when is it coming out ?
* smiles , waiter brings food , begins eating *
Are you following me? out of here.
lol same here school & work is making me busy
Oh that's bad! I couldn't be bothered with that
heey , you people it 's debz deb debbie deborah
trying ! ! how many chaps does this last for
lol im not followin u cuz seein u flirt with others make me sick
i 'm in this random mood
smh i 'm telling you i woulda hooked your mess up
you need to pop that it off
You don't need to do it
I have the urge to hit him.
why u putting dirt on yo teeth !
See that's why I don't talk with them.
turning down an a - list celeb ? who are you though ? no your definitely not winning hahaha
This is unsuitable! Then I send you the chapter in parts , Okay
She is not a bad woman at all.
Hahaha and no it's not he can send you whenever.
No where are you ?
Where are you now?
rt loooooool im there till 76 th august lool * criess * stay till 76 rd please!
I see my bulls out here taking care of stuff.
says who go sit down for the palm of my hand to your face
Replace them,then I erase them out of my contacts.
you don't know the immensity of how I don't care
It's not moist tho, it's the truth
lady gaga hates britney and i dont know why she always talk about her
ladygaga hates britney
Hold your cheeks, thrusting at once, crying out
ahahah ok * horsey knocks you off *
I am catchin feelings
Sometimes I don’t really like you !
She fights against you.
like the only way to win is to headbutt the bear .
werd they on they good play bad play !
hahaha ya my mom thinks i 'm stupid lol
You are such a sacred kid.
this new cabin fever sounds like the old wiz
If I was pregnant, I'd go about my business like a gangster.
If I was pregnant I'd do my things like a gangsta
you aint bout to kill my pets
Quit smiling
nick boles is such not so nice , even for a tory mp bbcnews
Stop singing miguel ,I put U on him.
where is my mmamonday mention?
I think thats why i find them so hot
yeah! Ignore it homie! plus you have to drive for 77+ hours just to get there!
youre siced tho .
All of them know whats poppin trust me! I bet the people aint getting cutoff in chicago
hw cud u loooool it ws funny though hheheehhehhehehehhehehheh so hws u doin
I will be bored as shit.
cigarette smoke will not be pleasant
Smoking wont be very nice
lol I do that all the time especially when they look scary
i am not okay
i am struggling right now
I am not good
it was about a boat or something
It was about a boat or something
I have got 2 followers and urgently needs one more.
awwwwwww rt i got 2 followers hurry somebody get me another follower
awwwwwwww rt i got 2 followers hurry somebody get me another follower
that guy, he just blames everyone else for what hes doing .
He just blames everyone else for what he's doing.
he just blames everyone else for what hes doing .
how u going retweet my tweet
How you are going to retweet my thing
But the rest are useless
if this is the case i 'm proud of you man
if this is the case i 'm really proud of you man
the things just got real
oh wow just got real xd your cool p
i don 't care why anyone says mcdonalds breakfast is the problem.
You guys and wiz can keep that mess
If you need backup im here
why you hating on my good jokes? see you jealous
why you hating on my good jokes ? see you jealous
they 're doing some site maintenance & it 'll be back tomorrow supposedly .
they 're doing some site maintenance & it 'll be back tomorrow supposedly .
I dont interact with strangers
Good looks you should of came last night things was insane bro
good looks you should of came last night thing was insane mayne
I like that
I like that though.
rt if you want to help get trending
If you want to help get famous
Go to bed.
That's why ain't nobody riding
God! That's why ain't nobody riding.
that 's why ain 't nobody riding .
I know, where are you?
I know, by the way where you?
I know where you
how is he doing the oregon trail on a broken leg
How is he doing the Oregon trail on a broken leg
imao plz u don't scare me one bit
lmao plz u dnt scare me one bit
i can 't wait till i 'm 4 , leave my house , i 'll be free ! x
Your friend wasn't nice
You friend was not a good person
u been at stranger ?
You were at stranger?
have fun with this one some kid stole my first wand at the dh book midnight release.
and aint even realized i havent said anything
And I ain't even realized I haven't said anything.
clearly! you talked through the whole movie am never going to see movies with you again
"Clearly you talked through out the whole movie,
i got a ticket for playin ball u believe that man
well please tell me what i actually did because i have no clue
well please tell what i actually did wrong because i honestly have no clue lolololol
well please tell what i actually did because i honestly have no clue.
Omg that one was too funny! I swear I miss trippin with yo
omg that junt was too funny ! i swear i miss trippin with yo
i 'd kinda feel bad , all the lonely people would buy it lmao
i 'd kinda feel bad , all the lonely people would buy it lmao
he has about a million tickets .
He has about a million tickets.
He has a million tickets.
Alan Carr is so funny
alan carr is so funnnnny !
Alan car is so funny
You're making me hungry
You're making me hungry.
you're making me hungry
You’re going to get yourself beat up again
I ll pick you up for tomorrow's night out
Me and you are going out tomorrow night i am picking you up
Ive been in bed all day, im so lazy
I'm so lazy I'm in bed all day
i wish i was sleeping
oh i wish i was sleeping
So you don't need school, cuz you taking pictures for socialmedia
so you dnt need school cuz you takin pictures in yo drawls for twitter
i'd be like yeah well dad is he in optic? that's right go away.
ok so i asked you how the summit went and u ignored me????
ok so i asked you how the summit went and u ignored me ? ? ? ?
better than yesterday no , really , my teeth hurt so much yesterday
better than yesterday no , really , yesterday my teeth hurt like never before
ima see yo on the space station one day.
What's good ppl? Who is up though.
It is so messy here
It is so messy here
it is so messy here
That's is not a good thing to say to somebody.
What a bad thinf to say to somebody
what a bad thing to say to somebody
My life and my devices are broken.
She is so beautiful i love this picture
I know right she's so gorgeous I love this pic
i'm lost, danielle let me in the box.
I’m lost, let me in the box Daniel.
im kinda nervous about getting my whole neck done
I'm kinda nervous about getting my whole neck done
blair u 're really mean but i can 't stop loving u haha
blair u 're really bad but i can 't stop loving u haha
This game is tough
that game tuff im the truth in it
Most of the facts were already known by the public and police.
and majority of the problems was already known to the public and police
and majority of the things was already known to the public and police
you lucky man
You are lucky
Oh, you are lucky
You can stay in the house, I will not
Well stay in the house because im not
well stay in the house because im not
They keep on changing pointless things we don't care about when all we wanted is a dislike button.
they keep on changing pointless things we dont care about when all the wanted is a dislike button .
Wow, today has turned into a bad day, all I can say is see you all later.
It's not my best day, let's meet any other time
if he wants to go , he must go and not complain about
He must leave without creating a mess about it.
It's like we understand
The teacher is not interesting
The teacher is not interesting at all.
He doesn’t need you at home.
ahahahaha he dont want you at home ? ? ?
ahahahaha he dont want u at home ? ? ?
Nothing much , living this Yung life if mine and chilling, what about you
nothing much , livin this yung life of mine nd chilln , wbu
not everything i post is about you.
Not everything I post is about you.
Not everything I post is about you
My neighbor knocked on my door in the morning.
My neighbour knocked on my door at 36 36 this morning
She deleted her tweets because she is afraid
man monica that was very good lol
man monica that was good lol
"although as i think i 've established , "" audi - driving is a tautology"
Although as I think Ive established Audi driving is a tautology
lol how much yall be costing over there ?
who does she think she is?
who does she think she is ?
Who does she think she is?
And I'm so nervous
And i am so nervous *nervous smile *
he is having his baby, wish him goodluck
o he havin his baby tell him goodluck
Wow you're super awesome
Wow you're super awesome
wow you 're super awesome
Everyone is unreasonable and has some kind of ulterior motive
everyone 's full of bad and has some kind of ulterior motive
Seriously nobody 's misbehaving with my sister
Oh my!!! We are 96 days late.
i hope that is true !
I seriously hope that is true.
haha i 'm not one to be anybody 's girl
Haha I'm not one to be anybody's girl
i was in middleschool when i tricked you now i am all grown
i was in middleschool when i played u now i 'm in highschool grown alot
i 've noticed we use the same words < 1 but i 'm nicer
i 've noticed we use the same words < 1 but i 'm nicer
why won't anybody do anything? so bored .
why won't anybody do anything ? so bored .
Why anybody wont do anything? So bored.
Omg i cant find it anywhere
OMG I can't find that
Omg, I can't find it no where!
What's up with that? It ain't right !is it
what 's up with that ? it ain 't right ! is it ?
what 's up with that thing? it ain 't right ! is it ?
just not as funny as yabba - dabba - to me
Just not as funny as yabba - dabba to me
This is not very funny for me.
I'm having a bad time too
i 'm having an awful time too .
i 'm having a difficult time too .
I was just waiting to hear you say king king has nothing over me
I was just waiting to hear you saying “king-king has nothing on me “
Nope I can't be bothered man that thing is kidding me arghh well have you?
Now I am thinking a lot about it.
I am currently thinking alot about it
lol , real thing though it 's brianna
Lol, really bad though. It's Brianna.
lol , real problems though it 's brianna .
i had many vodka drink and then i came home to at least 58 beers
i had a big vodka drink and then i came home to at least 58 beers
and everyone is interfering with that.
and everyone is interfering with that .
Haha maybe I read too much belldom?who knows and cares
thinking he was dead I answered badly
I answered absentmindedly as he was dead
Enthusiast? I am more than that
enthusiast ? i am way more than that
Enthusiastic? Im way more than that
If ever he would get focused he will make trouble for Hernandez.
i suppose it 's more fun to make things up
i suppose it 's more fun to make things up.
I suppose it is more fun to make things up.
really i talk now whose the one thats been giving me all the shoutouts .
really i'm talking now whose the one thats been giving me all the shoutouts .
I just found out something.
umm i jus found out some bad thing.
i'm done with this no loyalty
i'm done with this no loyalty.
yeah get that car straight it 's time to go out and do it big ! ! lol
Yeah get that car straight it's time to go out and do it big
Yes, get that car stuff straight, it’s time to go out and do it big
who is going to drive me home ?
Who is going to drive me home because I am drunk?
Who would drive me home?
Or just tell them to leave.
or just tell them to leave us alone
The lady has no hair, on the side.
Omg chris ! but why shirley let me drive her car
"lol they gon be like "" woman just order some coffee ! "" lol"
"lol they gon be like "" woman just order some coffee ! "" lol"
I'm also fried so pls make sure it is you that answers the phone.
i 'm also fried so pls make sure it is you that answers the phone
I have got some great moves
but i 've got moves like bieber
but I've got moves like bieber
Ok,i wont wear it
umm okay , im not wearing it any way!
hahaha I enjoyed that! I feel like going out the night lol
hahaha i enjoyed that ! Yes i feel like goin out the nite lol
this is why you don 't live with the person you 're having intercourses
This is why you don’t live with the person you have intimacy with.
This is why you don't live with the person you're dating.
Yeah it is still cheap
Yeah ,it is still cheap, which is apt because that is what it tastes like
That is such a joke! I just got $ 100 for my e-mail
that is such a unbelievable joke ! i just got $ 100 for my e - mail
That is such a joke ! i just got $ 100 for my e - mail
Im just watching from the sidelines, what bout you
have i lad , just watching from the sidelines me ! what bout you ?
he will get more praise
he 'll get bad on more then praise
This internet> e i am not happy
iron man - black sabbath .
I've calmed down a bit now, but that was exhilarating.
i 've calmed down a bit now , but hell , that was exhilarating
My problems would be darker than me.
well i 'm bout to make my way back over there lol
Geez! Well, I'm about to make my way back over there
Well, I'm about to make my way back over there.
"xd haha but really at first i was like o d and the like "" lololol "" xd"
"xd haha but really at first i was like o d and the like "" lololol "" xd"
I was such a careless, please i 'm sorry
I was bad, please I'm sorry
i was such a bad person, please i'm sorry
no sherlock , dayton died last year
No sherlock, Dayton died last year
educate yourself.
I don’t want to hear about that thing.
better things tonight ! no days off !
Ok, that is bad.
rt my phone been on 69 % all day - who cares.
My phone has been on 69%?all day, who cares
rt my phone been on 69 % all day - who cares
i wasn 't about too see that weird thing .
I wasn't about to see that weird thing.
u see me mad right n just want talkin like really was talkin
u see me mad right n just talkin like really talkin
i am really bored ! you ?! ^ _ ^
I be bored! you?!
Where is he
Where is he?
o the heat kicking boston
you 've just proven my point - you are mean.
It's grey too ! what ! ! ! the beards on it 's way too ! !
Grey too! The beards on it's way too !
Grey too! The beard is on its way too!
it 's slightly overrun with atl, be aware .
it 's slightly overrun with atl, be aware .
Get out of here
Okay lets do it then
lets do it then
Let's do it then
where is my easter basket !
Where’s my easter basket?!!
Where is my Easter basket!!!!!
Get out of here.
i cannot sing to save my life honestly im so bad aahahah
i cannot sing to save my life honestly.
i cannot sing to save my life honestly im so bad aahahah
its one of those days where everyone is mean .
haha , you 're such a baby
you are a big baby
oh ! * runs away fast as lighting * xd
yeah its big so shade slowly mine got ruined because the guy went to fast !
this thing is very normal!
that is very normal!
i could prove yo wrong
it 's the funniest , most disturbing incident ever .
it 's the funniest , most disturbing thing ever
because I know about you well
you can do what you want , without having to worry about me
You can do what you want, without having to worry about me.
You can do what you want, without having to worry about me
Just tell me how old you are
Just tell me how old u are
How old are you?
my lashes are already good ! just thin
u say u get rid of all my friends
twitterpetpeeve when u someone and they keep tweetin like yo stuff didn't exist
Twitter pet peeve, when you are someone and they keep tweeting like what you said didn’t exist.
miss me while my computer was down? guess not lol
why can 't i have a conversation that doesn 't involve sex ?
Because you're not doing it right.
Because you don't know how to do it.
It was rude of me to say heifer keep getting dodged your feelings are not about things anyways.
it was rude of me to say heifer keep getting dogged your feelings are not about it anyways !
Ohh girl the judge says other wise girls get them every other weekend.
She would be awesome as a bond girl !
so if you do i’m going to be so mad at you
Oh yeah ! i told you , you would ! congratulations dear!
eah ! i told you , you would ! congratulations dude! < 6
yeah ! told you , you would ! congratulations ! < 6
Just get the van on it
Never mind, just get the van on it
Bring it, just get the van on it.
I don't care about this more! Don't know why I use to in the first place
I don't care about anything anymore. I don't know why I used to in the first place
today it was very bad ! ! im fallin asleep at work ! i shoulda taken my body to bed ! lol
"But your only ""evidence"" is Jason Manford from Salford saying something on tv!"
But your only evidence is Jason manford from Salford saying something on tv!
lmao that is so mean , but you use to whip my soft baby arm
Do you want to play with me! *Kevin Hart voice*
Do you want to play with me?*Kevin Hart voice*
I am not even in the mood for that I feel that upset
i am not even in the mood for that
He wasnt playin, he remembers it
lol he wasn 't playin , he remembered that
lol he wasn 't playin , he remembered that
Is this anything personal?
what is up ? why ? how ? or is it personal ?
got some 67 say about me mention me allimsaying
lol how can i make it go away wen i 'm makin it rain on these people
how can i make it go away wen i 'm makin it rain on these people
May I ask how did you manage that?
How did you manage that?
how did you manage that ? ?
u just gon recite the whole song
u just gon recite the whole song huh ? ?
you 'll demolish spadafora but anyone u will fight, that's a punch u right
Man beat it, I'm a guru .
man beat it im a guru .
You don't smoke, you not ready for what we got.
You don't smoke you not ready for what we got
"so no more soccer for the week ""i was excited for soccer"""
loads of people would come ! but how would you power amps ?
By 50!? You were still playing at 50 that's well.
by 50 ! ? you were still playing at 50 ! ?
the nigga in me turned it off as soon as i got it
It doesn't matter I'm up that late anyway
I mean I don't care, I am up that late anyway.
loving how all this things made up about and everyone reads like omg
because im such a nice person ya cunt arent you getting me i 'v changed d jeeeeeeez
Because I'm such a nice person ,aren't you getting me? I've changed
but umm you listened to duncan music ? ? ?
have to be quil ? i mean , really
I miss so much thebe
i miss that thebe so much
That right big homie isee ya doing big things.
That was burning my eyes i woke up swollen
O I love him!
I love him
Why don't you go away?
that looks like a toupee
this thing looks like a toupee.
That looks like a toupee
wats point chattin all over again with ya gyals
She overreacted over the issue
She went overboard with the issue.
i made the template to block all of this but didn't apply it.
i made the template to block all this things but didn 't apply it
ight let me get dressed real quick and let me find some keys cuz im takin somebody car lol
why are french people tweeting me
why the french people tweeting me
Why are french people tweeting me
Good stuff and I told you bro
swag elevated x 64 since them old pics
this has created a rift only healed through the power of tattoo sketches
i 've been up since 62
i 've been up since 62
i 've been up since 62 ladies
I am hungry also. Please include me
what you eat ? i 'm hungry as hell .
soo tired! i've been unpacking all days.
tired ! i 've been unpacking all day s
People are so sensitive
People are sensitive
people are so sensitive about things
i forgot about summer reading
oh i forgot about summer reading
oh my i forgot about summer reading
im trying to hop on sum of your things well it dont matter an know prob fam .
that happens to me alllllll the timeeeeeeeeeeeee lol for real
I really love mickey mouse club house
Yeah! I really love mickey mouse club house
Yeah, i really love mickey mouse club house
That FB thing, I think!
Well hurry up then
well hurry up
well hurry up then!!!
Fan tastic how about you
my bro told me get a couple of my friends and lets chill on the block tonight
My brother told me to get a couple of my friends and lets chill on the block tonight.
Lmaoooo, you forgot cab because I'm not going to sleep.
a but don 't worry , no one else could possible think you 're a liar
a but don 't worry, no one else could possible think you're lying
i 'll give you a quarter in a minute .
I'll give you a quarter in a minute
Is anyone else's twitter down ? My tweets are not displaying properly in my timeline. Fail twitter.
is anyone elses twitter having a problem? my tweets arent displaying properly in my timeline
on his fb page he's all 78 lives
on his fb page he 's all bad 78 lives
How will I survive until August?
How am I going to survive my time till August.
how about if i destroy myself from time to time
The weather is beautiful but i feel lonely
The weather is lovely and i feel bad.
The weather is lovely and ı feel bad.
That area is the worst i have ever seen.
This is the most pathetic area I've even seen period
I clearly don't care.
i clearly don 't care
i clearly don't care
God didn't make bad everyone's lives without looking , did he ?
I thought I did
There's no excuse for no having nothing more visually appealing to the imagination
You keep playing with them
You keep playing with them folks.
where is my burger king?
Where is my burger king?
tired to get cervical dysplasia don 't you have to be getting like
to get cervical dysplasia don 't you have to be getting like
why's crippin being a bad person?
why 's crippin being bad ?
Hmm well not really but why not
hmm well not really but well why not
Well not really but why not?
rt scientists baffled by man 's incredible ability to make mistakes every time
ok so if the glee students are graduating soon that means theyres barely any seasons left
If the glee students are graduating soon,it means there is no seasons left.
nahh but you welcome lol
nahh i dont care bout dat lol but you welcome lol .
You posed to be making sure his he got his stuff together!
you posed to be making sure his he got his emotion together !
i put up with too much , i 'm too nice i need to fix that .
You don't know about my life.
you don 't know my life!
You don't know my life
Got back and was practically interviewed.
Whats wrong with her
whats wrong with this guido
That grove street party beat is my favorite.
That grove street party beat is what I like
that grove street party beat is my thing
Sorry, why would I want to agree with you?
she said who wants to see my dancing , anyhow ?
if she did it then she should just admit it
If she did it then she should just admit the thing.
If she did it then she just admit that
i wanna go crazy
i dont care about a dm i wanna go crazy
Whoopin is gonna cost you
How much is it?
ha ahh , how much is it ?
how much is it ?
nowadays people be having diseases in alarming numbers
nowadays women be having diseases in alarming numbers
i hate having to do things last minute but i also do it
i hate having to do things last minute but i also do it.
I hate having to do it last minute but I also did it
Youre working hard on this! Cant wait to test it for you
Well unfollow them
No one cares about the music on your iPod
I'm here, at Uta.
I'm over here by uta
i 'm over here
omg omg omg every day now, baby!
Omg omg omg every day now , baby!
Not trying to be a hater but the rapper curren $ y is already using jetset
not trying to be a hater but the rapper curren $ y is already using jetset.
you should have got up and then should have talked that would have kept him quiet
Sometimes you just don't know who she is been cheating with.
i stink cuz i got a lot of things in my mind
i hope that person saw it
I hope he saw that
Yes I took a shower.
i said sorry cos i was rude , well i was about
I apologized, as I was rude about that thing.
why did i just picture nixon givin me that crazy side look he gave me
i 'ma regr0w my thing don 't tripp mah
ditto ! ! rt you know itunes sometimes you are really annoying
ditto ! ! rt you know itunes sometimes you are really causing me problems
Does anybody else disagree with me?
Eminem is so sexy!
Eminem is so sexy.
go to sleep , or stay awake till four and lift weights again x
You can go to sleep or stay awake until four o'clock in the morning to lose measurements.
I could use a big hamburger
i could use huge hamburger
I could use a big fat hamburger
But I told my dad we have it
But i told my dad we have it
But funshion’s being unreasonable lately.
botch is my new word for when a boy is being bad
Now following you back, rt now following even though shes sitting right here next to me.
some people need to get over themselves
Do one of the following or go
do one of the following or take off 1
Do one of the following or quit 1.
i don't feel like going to work man
I don't feel like going to work
I don't feel like going to work man
sadly not one man stepped in
sadly not one man stepped in
Maybe I shouldn't be on Skype my mouth hurts so bad
maybe i shouldnt be on skype my mouth hurts so bad
y 'all funny talking about my 49 status lol
What is he talking about?
what is he talkin bout ?
What is he talkinga about?
I wish my mom would do that.
i wish my mom would pull that
iwish my mom would pull that thing
I need to update my apps
I need to update my apps.
I need to see Harry Potter.
i need to see harry potter
she trended it will be soo easy on her bday ! ! !
omg she trended omg it will be soo easy on her bday ! ! !
it doesn 't touch my skin
Sister, I missed you!
sister i missed you
I missed you sister!
We all performed poorly
No we all fail up.
Stop that, your getting beaten
Imao You are bad jus realize i had a typo least u kno where im gettin
yes, pumped for tonight
Sounds awesome !! Matts a genius
Idk? iheard her crying so i ran all the way over there but isaved her
I heard her cryinh so i ran all the way there and saved her
well ! ima start running with y 'all starting tomorrow
its peak how over the years it became bad with every new season lol
What is a scoller? I dont think i wanna be hip about this new thing
What is a scoller ? that new thing i don 't think i want to be interested about
junior year i went and had a date didn 't go well , she was mean
oh girl phone disconnected lol sorry again who u up there with
"lmao i want one "" i wish i had another ice cream cone , that thing was scrumptious ."
"i want one "" i wish i had another ice cream cone , that was scrumptious ."
I am completely depressed and furious right now!
but if don't get the grades i will be in trouble
But if i don’t get the grades then I’m in trouble.
I want to stay in my house
she know 's too much about me & i don 't know anything about her
she know 's too much about me & i don 't know about her
I wouldn’t even say anything.
i wouldnt even say anything
well ok, next Saturday i'll bring you
Lol you don't mess with ya homie
He is in good shape, that's why I follow him
he is also fit a lot , that 's why i follow him
he is also really fit , that 's why i follow him
he 's probably getting high off again , because he 's a loner like that .
can someone please explain to me why it 's so hard for me to be a woman ?
Why is it difficult for me to behave negatively
i been callin yo since monday
I been calling you since monday
lol u prolly got sum from that lil bad girl u got
You probably got something from the girl you got
bout to give a hard lecture.
bout to give a heavy lecture
Even when we weren't friend and I was evil to you
even when we weren 't friends and i was a bad person to you .
I just want to know who is that.
I live in fear of something like that happening to me.
I live in fear as that happening to me
macfly was the stuff! ! ! lol
macfly was the mess ! ! ! lol
same ol routine , just a different day
same thing, just a different day
now i have 53
Now I have 53
What is happening? They already have upgrades to ubersocial?
What? They already have upgrades to ubersocial?
Not concerned about them all night actually amazing it's grown on me
Settles down, pretending that I'm gonna sleep now, then suddenly jumps back up, too bad.
how did i get in my moms car
how you did i get in my moms car
I think i am the only person who doesnt watch glee
I think I am the only person in the world that don't care about glee.
I have to buy this on first day of it's release
hey wait strider and ghost rider i gotta buy it day one now .
i 'm down ! ! d 29 bucks a gram b
i 'm down ! ! d 29 bucks a gram b
I am sarah
and u can't use it for hand soap cuz it's been on dirty spots
You don’t know about my life.
just stop acting like you know anything about my life
just stop acting like you know about my life .
4
you would get you way
you would get you way
i * like * this phone , except the pc - only update .
I like this phone except PC only update
Ashley isn't a nice person
justin me ! ! what world are you in ! ? ! ?
Yes laugh at me I'm pathetic
yes laugh at me im so pathetic
My bro made a bong out of a piggy bank this morning and that was amazing
Yeah, I used to carve that up when I was like nine haha.
now you cant reply ! ! ! smh
You can't reply now.
So you can't reply?
you say some productive words
dosnt move - you laughed - pouts and turns head
i wonder if sublime has ever played his guitar while in the bathroom .
This stuff is just not smart
That's cool, my mom doesn't like it.
Oh haha lol my mum thinks it's bad lol I xxx
Don't link your tumblr to twitter or fb thanks.
Don't link your tumble to twitter or facebook
Don’t link your tumblr to twitter or facebook please
star , just called me amazing
What! She's amazing haha! Me and Rhys are going
Wow ! she 's amazing haha ! me and rhys are going
I don't have a problem with you.
Haha, oh, that's the worst thing ever.
That’s just the worst thing ever.
hahahahaha oh , that 's just the worst thing ever .
I hear you babe because things crazy now.
i hear you babez cus it's crazy now & days
go to bed girls and go take care sabra rt finally listening to soul tape
Go to bed please and go take care of sabra rt finally listening to soul tape
Go to bed and go take care of Sabra right, finally listening to soul tape.
let 's have a referendum on all of them and leaving us alone
Let's have a referendum on all of them going away and leaving us alone
i got mad respect for the man
Actually I better not see you like that.
I don't want to see you like that.
actually , nah i better not see ya like that .
Thinking too much is not good.
only 29 something ahaha , but hes hot
only 29 something ahaha , but hes sexy .
Your question isn’t good
Don't go my way
said the same thing to you
i knew your motuh was gonna say something
i knew you were going to say something
I knew you're gonna say something
hey boo ! - wut ya been up to ? !
Hey , what you doing now !
that black person knows he is going in to trouble
#ERROR!
i been on him since before you said something about him hoe since he first came out
I been on him before you said something about him since he first came out.
paul millsap is good enough & still they have more stars then the other nets .
I would not do that to you. Tell them to go away.
Idk I jus knew it had smthn to do with sports
almost didn 't recognise you in my time line , well done !
oh, almost didn't recognise you in my time line, well done!
I wonder how I love such team sometimes
sometimes i wonder how i can love such a bad team
that 's nothing in el salvador is like 100 or 100 and they get pay cheap
hat 's nothing in el salvador is like 100 or 100 and they get pay cheap
im gonna be angry with you too , just for that !
Yeah we in this
It's easy
It would be amazing to have you do a collab with Barretto and Weinman
Then it'll hurt too much
you make me so happy , you know that ? because
Do you know that you make me so happy
You make me so happy, you know that ? Because...
I get a lot off they website and marquee sole they have a stuff a few months in advance
just now waking up from my nap and its really boring. I should have stayed asleep.
forgot about that | i'm gonna have to be in on time cry!
arrr forgot about that | i 'm gunna have to be in on time cry !
Not until you calm down
not untill you calm down
No I'm going to check this thing out right now
He probably felt like you dealt with him
What are you up to this late other than being bored on twitter.
do business with mothers window tint at 92 and thousand oaks ! these guys are tight
do business with mothers window tint at 92 and thousand oaks ! these guys are tight
yeah it got quiet in the car
it got quiet in the car
i dare anyone in this town to try to and they 'll see me mad .
but one for their rights of entertainment activities ? What is wrong with you ?
but one for their rights of entertainment activities ? what is wrong with you ?
But one for their rights of entertainment activities? What is wrong with you?
i was just trying to hit that girl , cupid needs love too .
you obvss havent heard me sing ! ! l help the little girls have arrived ! ! ' xx
in les celebrating birtthday ! happy birthday
In les celebrating birthday! Happy birthday!
Ok, that was nasty.
that was horrible
Ok thats was bad
haha , were was all you 'r tweets yesterday !
Imaoo to west bubble , va nope!!! Bring me some lls
what is this, blackcurrent lucozade
what is that , blackcurrent lucozade ?
I dont know what hrm means
i don not know what hrm means
If you pay for petrol money and can out up with my driving and music,then cool
if you pay for petrol money and can put up with my driving and music , then cool .
Bored listening to music.
Just bored listening to music.
Didn't you hear? I put him to class
Life is a unpleasant and then you don't live
yea , can the female ? ? woman make money and still want dudes to trick ! !
yea, can the female make money? and still want man to trick!
I need a lover
yeah maybe when we go il have dramactially improved and whoop all of your success
Please, keep quiet!
Keep quiet
shut up, please!
Don't even think about it
do not think about it
I'm on my let stuff go campaign
"i 'm on my "" let - things - go "" campaign"
What imma cook?
what imma cook?!
What imma cook?!
i dont even have one , I'm done for!
it is ! yo fake thought nvr spit da real ! kmsl
jealousy is much worse than arrogance,
i don 't think so! i like to stir things up what can i say
hah i 'm not even home ! ! ! i 'm painting priscillas house lol
I'm shy. I'll not be able to talk in front of them.
I'm a bit shy to stand before the crowd to talk
idk what to do im goin to bed
idk what to do i'm going to bed .
Peer pressure is tricky but I love it
Peer pressure !!! It is not okay, but I love it.
What did she say? Told you to go
a grown man sipping from a straw is not a good look !
a grown man sipping from a straw is not a good look !
a grown man sipping from a straw is not a good look !
pls go follow her
Holding my stomach, i eat everything
laughs , holding my stomach - i eat everything
- laughs, holding my stomach, i eat everything
i do the funniest thing when i 'm by myself
I do the funniest thing when I'm by myself
i do the funniest things when i 'm by myself
Ahhh!!! That is awesome !! I need a concert.
Ahh. That's awesome. I need a concert.
I told her to erase that out her phone I deleted that
i told her to erase my stuffs on her phone and i deleted them.
so i'm hoppin in my place
This movie is terrible
this movie is so bad
This movie is bad.
Thomas jefferson is not very brave
Bagpipes live are not good.
It betta be to my cuzzin !
it betta be to my cuzzin !
awww how come it's coz my life isn't good wbu hun? x
awww how come and it 's coz my life is bad wbu hun ? x
she been said it on the previews.
she been said it on the previews
I wasn't hungry until you said something
lol i wasn 't hungry till you said something
yes you do
I'm straight.
Just chillin and u
just chillin and u
i dated her , i have right to say what i want
Lil mama what are you talking about?
Lil mama what do you be talking about
lucky not got college and your up at this time ! big soft !
im mad i took u 92 tweet 92 send that lol
Why not? You did bad
Don't tease me, it's killing me.
ohh like the veggies ? das cool .
OMG! It's beast from the 46s series beauty and the beast scg live
It's beast from the 46 series of beauty and the beast.
oh my god its beast from the 46 s series beauty and the beast scglive
tell her i said use the number
Tell her i said use da numba
no just got back in trouble couple hours ago
lmao i 'm don with yo cafe worker looking .go cook some chicken wings .
you want to defeat me
If you were a dinosaur, you would be a really bad one.
It wasn't for you
Imao wasn't for you
there are several posts regarding my bisexuality on Facebook.
I don't think anyone is going to bother you.
Where is my friends? Im so lonely
Why retweet all that other nonsense
delete twitter , and delete your facebook
get off twitter , and delete your facebook
cause i 'ma want it all the time .
You needed a coupon for the free burrito.
at this barber shop with
so cold! my school had them and 95% were broken
what are you gonna do about it
What do you going to do about it
i wanted to talk to you about pamperedellen for 99 second then leave you alone
I wanted to talk to you about pamperedellen for 99 second then leave you alone.
Amazing ! ! ! super happy killjoy
we always task about the same thing in here .
we always task about the same thing in here .
we always task about the same thing in here .
"bro you went ham on that ""bad"" track! smh good stuff!"
mook pooped outside instead of in the floor yaaay
he look good
i need change
I need a change
Cant say the same for floptina
hey u didn 't read the earlier tweet , i 'm filmin real side chicks of franklin brunswick
hey u didn 't read the earlier tweet , i 'm filmin real side people of franklin brunswick
That's feel good.
we coulda brother , sister talked
Lmao man i bet he was, i used to fell bad about that stuff too the next day.
lmao man i bet he was , i use to feel bad about that too the next day
Dunno. Just feel bad
lmao didn ‘t know ppl still watched that thing
I didn’t know people still watched that.
Imao didn't know ppl still watched that
But that person needs that jail time
no actual purpose to this thing
No actual purpose to them.
what dya want me to call u?
Oh ok i am not so keen about dogs so.
ohhhhh ok idk nothing about dogs so .
richie just called me about the asd ' did not help - _ _ -
Wow, this thing is very serious.
game this is serious
down with tryouts we already made the team
gotta wash my jersey for the weekend teambulls
gotta wash my bulls jersey for the weekend teambulls.
Who is the best of them all ? never mind I am
because i was talking bout my cuz they left me here to babysit him
All your lines are messed up boo
U were bricking it ur first time on tv and does any 18 ever recognize u
ham is the nicest thing ever ahamisforlifenotjustforchristmas
not really it's bad anyway
not really it 's bad any way
got guys rolling with these tweets
Playing dodgeball with fam and I can barely walk that popped.
The glee cover of turning tables sound like absolute bad
i don 't know why being rude at me
me too , but i wont get anythng frm anybody in there but dave himself
me too , but i wont get anythng frm anybody in there but dave himself
bout time my roomie took her on somewhere now i can take a nap in peace
Shhh, I don't need no lecture from you now go away
I dont need your advice
knowing him hes gunna have like 42 bday bashes & lol yeah my dad doesnt want tanks x
when somebody do right they take it for granted .
| smh they really be stashing and don 't tell us a word
i gotta stop caring so much nobody ever cares about me
I gotta stop caring so much nobody cares about me
For sure, just hit me and let me know, there's some thing going on too. So we should be good.
forsure just hit me & let me know , its something going on too so we should be good
jelly is so nastyyy ! ! ew ew ew ew
jelly is so bad
She is annoying me today.
another big breakfast buffet chulan
another big breakfast buffet chulan
i need a chinese takeaway stat
i need chinese takeaway stat
damm i'm losing followers like crazy but they don't know what they missing
I'm losing to much followers but they don't know what they are missing.
did you see the one with tonks and lupin ? ?
did you see the one with tonks and lupin ? ? I'm in tears , man .
same, my work is bad but I dont care if I pass haha
same , my work is hard but i dont care if i pass haha
and you missed david and renata arguing ! ahhhhhhhhh ! nephs that was funny !
and you missed david and renata arguing ! ahhhhhhhhh ! nephs that thing was funny !
lol nopee imma be with onee or the other i’m no coward .
cant even pay a girl 89 follow his remedial that mean slow
I am very scared
ima go crazy ! ! they scare me
I'mma go crazy! They scare me
s citizen they cant do nothing to me d lol
what thing ? ur apt stuff ?
and you bite my head off
ahhhhh my guy back on here ! were you at guy
ahhhhh my girl back on here ! were you at girl
you were about to cry lol
she broke up with you ?
You are lucky girl, what Did you do when you met him?
you're lucky! what did you do when you met him?
yeah she flexing on the retweet too lol retweet buddy did diddy just tweet you?
you 're closer to them ? then why did you block them ? explain that one .
to annoy everyone
To annoy everyone
i complain bout 88 degree weather here in l
i complain bout 88 degree weather here in l
why ,so he could trouble someone
watch your hygiene
- - ruin her life cause thats some good entertainment
They are relaxing and talking about that job.
yeah now that you got the rejection treatment
Yeah now , that you got the rejection treatment
haha i 'll be like get over here ! ! !
Its irritating to see females fighting over boys
TRUE
Why is that ? you barely say words anyway .
You want the truth, yeah?. It was just a quick sleeping together like 60 months ago. Get over it.
This girl would be mad because I am not driving her to the club 58 nite.
Maybe you have some kind of problem if you don’t wanna sleep
Imfaoo yeah henzi stay on that tip n kay
it 's just their economy 's down , so they haven 't any ' good ' inflation .
That's very hilarious I heroes!
She smells unpleasant.
Where are my greetings
where is my good morning
obi , s sisters pants be high during school
oh!! missed the start of alan carr-
Looool !! That should be the new word ! Now I'm gonna be bad
loooooool ! ! that should be the neww word ! now im gonna be a bad girl
Neither is but u see he’s following this guy too lol
i 've seen Surprise gift, deeply love it
Eryn's whereabouts have eluded me.
Where has eryn been?
I will be mad if you do that
Thats the most absurd thing i have ever heard
Neither could I but you sometime just have to be like that
i washed my car , and clean that dirty kitchen today lol
how were you , forget about it in the morning
Hey girl i sing it friday on tuesday 's .
she only wants to work it out on her time
This person only wants to work stuff out on her time
I can't believe my cousins are 58, we're all getting old.
You wanted the same thing after seeing mine
capcom , what? you said strider hiryu didn 't fit in with mvc3
He was following behind those girls like they are something precious
Are we going for sure tonight.
ha true have u seen the pointless things i post on here
True, have you seen the pointless stuff I post on here
having a big bottom lol oh and she dated kanye
kidd just bricked that three
thats why u neva see me with the same thing yall have on aka true religion jeans
im talking about the first ones them gold bird guys
im talking about the first ones them gold bird !
aren't you hispanic? Cook me some Spanish food
i still with h & m
Dude keep quiet and live
Back then ,I treated goddesses badly
yo ! jus hangin wit me ho 's on the 93
I have to say that crabbies tastes so much better after a bad day
i 'm in ann arbor at this lil probate .
haha jk xd rt i lost 33 followers
what happened ? where is my sniper rifle ?
i gotta go my mother is mad
i 'm tweetin for real , so what is the deal ?
i am not dealing with you anyway
igronant , does she expect me to say hello ? were not exactly the best of friends .
it got cancelled or pushed back or something else now
That thing was too dirty
in the tallest heap in the world , there is always good -x
If you want to obey me and do a rap video, you could get a bonus.
i get more than average , girls come back for more
I hate when they do that.
what does that mean ? - _ -
now get on their
giggles * no you are !
You can add 3 &1 internet to the list
How u gon call me slow lol when u writin half sentences that don't make sense
Go sing that best friend song
That awkward moment when you fall as you laugh so much and your face falls on some dog’s poop.
That's fine I give him the best pounding ever
grips onto your arms and screams loudly oh my god!
Did you like my last tweet? Mr Stevens says it is inappropriate.
Who you telling, i think that guy likes being locked up or something because he goes back every 38 months.
D may the slipping on our comence
| u went shopping with you know who today for tools and shit ? wela u were busy
r y 'all 64 are some bad people
what the flying thing is going on
oh you remember *shocked voice* now what's my name?
umm relax girl lol rt don't ask me that! smh
taking it to the death not afraid to get me beat lol
my mom be irkin me .
I like only logan lerman.
Lol, he was following me.
he friend call me a bad girl and now i 'm in real life
I think he’s doing that crazy talk
Don't worry Carol, he is bad.
we need more wit meaning
I didn't like Happt potter
Harry Potter was awful
some trouble happened so i guess its up in the air at the moment .
All you can do is acting because you are superfacial
you said bad boss barbie
Hahaha, could you tell me?
female lol no sexist thing though
i was so sure as i left work that we were going to get beat !
ur fb posts are making me laugh hahaha u mean but funny with your silliness
Don't argue, I called you Sunday.
naw my thing must be tweekin cuz u like da 94 th person to tell me that
You're stubborn
Yeah, cause you are the girl that got me sick!
i swear i didnt say my hair , i said hand
I swear i didnt say my hair, i said hand.
Bulls and Maimi teams are disappointing.
i wasn 't talking bout ya bestie cus i don 't mess with em talkin but mannyy
no it was danielle hahaha im laughin coz i dont care shes not a nice person
we smoke dirty! You look rough
I've been very lazy.
I have been lazy
i 've been being very lazy.
i don't care about safety
Just wanted to make sure you remember it.
I only wanted to make sure that you remember it
I don't care abiut the royal family
I don't care about the royal family
i don't really care about the royal family
u retweeted my post so i followed u
You retweeted my stuff so I followed you
this is going to blow yo mind !!!! so huge.
This will shock you, it’s huge news.
This is gonna bow yo mind!!!! So huge
Oh, and Julie Caitlin Brown is in the house finally organizing everything
Oh, and Julie Caitlin Brown is in the house finally getting it organized.
ahh i cant really remember,aha, it was bad anyways i thought lol
I can't remember, aha, it was messy anyways lol
where is the banner tell to give it
where's the banner ?tell to give that thing
It is you we know
yeah man ! elaina doesn 't go around starting things
It's a difficult part of the sport that every team is responsible for.
It is not a good time for sports that every team is guilty
It’s the bad part of the sport that every team is guilty of.
If you agree and everything.
If you’re up to it.
Boutag go to sleep & nawh take yourself to bed
go to bed
Man I had a whole rant how I hate when it’s pronounced like that
Man I had a whole rant I dislike how its pronounced.
I find it hard to understand how can one go to someone else's house and drink with them?
I have had a hard life, i can't remember the last happy conversation i had.
ive had so much bad things in my life ' ' i cant remember the last happy convo i had .
ive had so much problems in my life ' ' i can't remember the last happy moment i had.
i don 't care point blank
I don't care.
but its hot down here
but it's so hot in here
But it’s so hot down here
Boy it's all his mistakes
It's all his fault
or you think that a little of me that i 'd cheat on my husband with your fianc
follow her she is sooooo sweeeeeeeeeet ^ _ ^ & single
Cause you don’t deal with me
cause you dnt cross me .
No clue who it was, but she was quite nervous
I didn't know who it was, but she was so nervous. I wouldn't blame her.
I didn't want to pay for anything
I didn't want to pay for all of this.
Not like when big Brittany beat someone too
Not like when Big Brittany thrashed some ass.
you had me analyzing every damn song that came on at work today
you had me analyzing every song that came on at work today
Staring at the wall trying to find sleep but she disappeared on me
I'm in a good mood today
Im in a good mood today
I am in a good mood
We got no money
Mate, we got no money as well.
We have got no money
lol perfect perfect all activities $ 45 a hour xtra is 92 xtra
lol perfect perfect all activities $ 45 a hour xtra, is 92 xtra
My molar is coming out
My molar is coming
haha it burn one for me my man
haha light one for me
Haha burn one for me
get this person off the top of my FB feed
get this person off the top of my fb feed - _ - lol
I am keeping you entertained.
My trash talking keeps you intertained
No it can't be over
No it can't be over
Do me a favor. Stop talking about him please. Thank you.
My friend do me a favor, stop talking about him, thank you
do me a favor , stop talkin bout him , thank you
and there are lots of factors why the way is bad in the middle east
and there are lots of factors why it is the way in the middle east
There is lots of factors why things are out of hand in the middle east.
I'm going to a rooftop bar for drinks with Cammie. Do you wanna go? It's rsvp.
goin to some rooftop for drinks with cammie around 54ish u wanna go ? it's rsvp
more like a bad one, anyone can make quotes.
Rt pasantes are thatisall cosign except warming sensations
ignore that man talking to you, dont even reply.
Ignore that guy talking to you, don't even reply
no while bk on skype its some lil gurl and some dude gave her the pic
No, while because on skype it's some little girl and someone gave her the picture
They sell it on tour too, don't they? You could've go one then
when this happen?
oh lol when this happen ?
when did this happen?
we both know i 'll say anything
we both know i 'll say anything.
you know how to use google? or type?
u know how to use google? or type billboard
What are you saying son ?
What are you talking about?
Son, what are you talking about.
I am bored.
idk i 'm bored ! spark somethings up ! lls
I am really bored.
you must have a good figure
All of this is not good.
Don't care about this.
exactly this thing getting me really mad
This is exactly what is pissing me off
Exactly. This is making me mad.
yeah & since you are not busy answer your emails
Yeah and since you are not busy answer your emails
but it doess look good , just scarringly good
Yes i do it by myself cause i cant sleep.
What was the other film
What was the other bad film?
What was the other film?
This is a good game, I swear
This is a good game! Swear
this is a good game! i swear.
Seafood would not be good after that oil spill.
Hahaha welcome to my life.
I'm glad that you're here in my life.
Ha ha ha welcome to my life.
What kind of thing is that?
what kind of thing is that?!
what is that ?
we got 48 hr gyms around this now
we got 48 hr gyms around this
I wake up and I'm like ,make love to me
because it hurt a lot
Because it hurt
Because it hurts hard.
I'm using Twitter cause its faster.
Ohh! Go back to sleep!
go back to sleep
finally i left home to go and buy coffee
finally got myself of my chair to go and buy coffee
Finally, I get a chance to get off my chair to go buy coffee.
Think I will have to go to Brighton when I move back down south
think i will have to get myself to brighton when i move back down south
You will not finding me not saying the truth, specially on Twitter.
You'll never catch me saying offensive words especially on Twitter lol
i 'm done with every single one of you .
i 'm done with you .
I am tired of every one of you.
Oh, i did not see it.
i didn 't see it !
I didn 't see it !
I have a bith or a heat spot and i'm burning so much
Mate I have a bite or a heat spot, and I am burning so bad
Mate i have a bite or a heat spot! a nd I'm burning much.
Most of the people are not that smart.
No, most people say meaningless things anyway.
Happy birthday
Happy birthday!!!
However were gonna see about this son
however were gonna see bout this son
i feel so bad -
I feel so bad.
I feel so bad
Would you want a person to act like that lol?
Would you want a guy to act bad.
Wow! You got to meet??
Did you get to meet?
What? You got to meet?
So hop on in! I got some good cream haha
I beat JC badly in an online game and he is upset
don't pay da bills lol
You were talking to the window yesterday
You were talking too much yesterday
You were talking to the window yesterday
Coz son what if that thing turns out the bad thing to ever touch your body.
Cuz son what if that issue turns out badly
Not all you girls can cook stop the imaginary meals that are done that quick I'll be cooking
I don't wanna do community service
I don't wanna do community service.
i don 't want to do any community service.
i love you guys
i love you guys
I love you guys.
Homefront online is good, if the freezing issue is addressed it will be even better.
homefront online is awesome , if the freezing issue is addressed it will be even better
You’re in a bad situation right now, lol.
You're in a terrible situation right now
you are in a lot of trouble right now
you see i peeked, how women are powerful.
Where is the next Gob Iron album?
Where is the next gob iron album ?
where is the next gob iron album?
Are you really born in 2020?
Nothing, he called my house to ask for my friend
Nothing just called my house to ask my friend
You all know what it is.
They charge me 97 bucks for that! I just might have to tho
Those people charge me 97 dollars for that, I just might have to though
adam * runs back inside and gets him *
Adam, runs backs inside and gets him
Adam runs back inside and gets him.
What? How can I forget about that?
Man what?! How can I forget that
man what ? ! ? how can i forget that
What are you doing at the golden dove? Go to milk's place on new dorp lane
What are you doing at the golden dove? go to mike's place on new dorp lane
And do you have a cold?
Do you have a cold, bro?
And, by the way, do you have a cold, bro?
She had a kid! Too much for a 26 year old to deal with.
She had a kid, to much for an 26 year old to deal with
i don't feel like going to school tomorrow, nothing new.
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow, and this feeling doesn't feel like anything new.
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow, what else is new
Yes, but the way you are talking about her is surprising.
The way you are talking about her is funny
yeah it is lol but the way y 'all talking about her lol lol
am ready for this summer
I am glad I don't have that problem, otherwise, I will be doing much worse. I hope you understand me.
glad i dont have that problem
In the next bout of news I Hit our new car up today
I know it’s old, but it’s still mine.
i know its old but its still my stuff.
you didn't care with the grand final d
You minded with the great final d
This Twitter I say what I please.
i can say whatever i want in twitter,
every one wants the title
every person wants tht title
everyone wants the title
Haha fareo yea city don’t play bout your attendance! Ha they be on you
if there not nice im not either
If they are bad people, that makes me one as well.
ifvthey're horrible, i'm a bigger horrible Imao.
Yeah! Does that mean we loose sleep?
Yeah! Foreign stuff! Does that mean we lose sleep?
I need abreva looking you, girl.
Hahaha haha that was the worst thing I've ever drawn, believe me it would make you laugh
That is the worst mouth i have ever drawn, believe me you'll laugh
He's very handsome.
She needs a sedative.
that girl needs a sedative!
Put on some clothes.
Oh well, might as well pour the coffee and start getting things done
Oh well , pour the coffee so that I can do other work
Friend am sick
Friend, I am sick
Why weren't you at net night with cheese ad.
I sent you a rematch you were doing good .
I sent you a rematch, you was doing good!
The naacp was ready to burn all of her citizenship & send her back on a riverboat .
The NAACP was ready to reject all of her citizenship & send her back on a riverboat
no room anyway ! bridgetjones
No room anyway! bridgetjones
we gone find us some new yorkers
We will find some new yorkers.
we gone find us some find new yorkers
good morning ! ! !
Good morning!
where you at ? son ! ? !
I know i'm late but this ace hood hustle is hard
I was tweeting and all
I was tweeting everything
I was tweeting about anything.
yup ! i can 't w that
if i was kob i'd be mad at every laker player
If I was kob I'd amaze every laker player
that thing had me feeling like that too
It had me feeling like that too
Lol, that stuff had me feeling like that too.
what are you doing??
What are you doing!?!?
What are you doing?
What is the game ? I didn't even watch the last two episodes
What is the game? Lol rt lol I didn’t even watch the last two episodes
I have been doing alot
I've been doing alot
i 've been doing a lot
Tell her I don’t care because she never returned my call
I don't want to speak to her because she did not return my call
yeah mane its some other things
yeaa mane its something else
I just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53. The laptop is broken.
I just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53.
I just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53with broken laptop
Who was that because that was mela.
Who was that cuz that was mela
who was that because that was mela
You'd stop out not to soon after starting
i would have just scooted over and made room for him , hahaha
I told you to come her and spend time with me
And that didn't happen
and that didn 't happen
and that didn't happen
i 'm sorry for asking i ask random things like that
I'm sorry for asking random questions like that
I'm sorry for asking i ask random stuff like that
i haven 't liked her since like the second episode i knew she was after my man -
I haven't liked her since like the second episode I knew she was after my man
On my late night tweet!
I am taking Joe for a date on Sunday as I am lovely
I am going on a date with joe on sunday.
what 's up with the blue barrel it is hilarious
what 's up with the blue barrel that stuff is hilarious !
You said you wa sleepy an hour ago!?
stats are nothing if you don 't like the person
stats are bad if you don 't like the person
they gotta big farm for u, u got to come here with me.
They have a big smelly farm for you , u have to come here with me
Talk about putting me size 17.
Got my first summon for jury duty
Got my first summon for jury duty
I'm just kidding
I am just messing with you.
I think she's the problem in that relationship
she is not good in this relationship
Disappointing predictable films
taxpayers are also paying for you !
Dude taxpayers are paying for you
I want to follow me! just so i can say i role with that babe
i want to follow me ! just so i can say ' i with da biebs
She's cool! - I love your tumblr!
She is cool, I love your Tumblr.
I've been a lazy person all week! are you working at school today
i 've been lazy all week ! are you working school today ?
I've been so lazy all this week! Are you working school today?
Say yes please give me the meds when I asked
Could you please give me my meds?
Say yes please give me the meds when I
They always ask me do I know the him
They always ask if I know him
that's why I said if you're making love
because my mum isn't replying, and i feel awful, and want to cry
Because my mom is not replying and I feel bad and like crying
Because my mum isn't replying and I feel bad and I want to cry
I don't care if Justin dances on my grave, he can fo whatever he wants
I was scared when she started on me I
I don't want to give up.
I don't want to mess up.
i don 't want to mess up
Little kids talking back to their mothers?, Oh no.
don 't miss it ! the justin bieber iq challenge quiz , that 's awesome
don't miss it! the bieber iq challenge quiz, that's awesome
don 't miss it ! the justin bieber iq challenge quiz , that 's awesome
We love grant holt so much
grant holt , we love grant holt
I was shaking over those pics yesterday! And thats just one
I was shaking over those pics yesterday and that's just one
you are not eating well
You're mean. You're not eating well.
what you mean ! you not eating well
I tried that once
I tried that once.
Ew I tried that
I started crying! it is not fair!!!
I started crying! It's so unfair!!!
I started crying, It's so unfair
Someone just ruined Harry Potter for me.
someone just ruined harry potter for me
some people just ruined harry potter for me
I was scared but my test must have came out good because I still got my job
I was scared but my test must have came out good because i still got my job.
I was scared but my test must have came out good because I still got my job.
Everything that I have gone through can very easily make one feel miserable.
it would be too easy to be miserable with all the things i put myself through
Don't you think i have seen enough of that already? I love you
I have seen enough of that but I love you.
It’s always there, you know.
how on earth do you understand all these!!!!??? lmao
how do you get all these!!!!!???
how did you get all these ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? lmao
Old stuff is getting old time for some new thing congrats btw
the old stuff is getting old , time for some new thing ! congrats btw !
old things get old, it's time for new things! congratulations btw
yeah he cheating stop going out with that guy lol
Stop arguing with that person as they are cheating.
Yes, he is cheating. Get over him.
You should give me some space.
i cant breathe
You're suffocating me!
So i got crush on a friend
I have a crush on a friend
I'm a mess
I'm such a wreck.
I am such a wreck
I'm 15 and still act like a 15 yo lol
I'm 15 and still act my age
I am 15 and still act like a 15
He deserves to know that he messed up.
he deserves to know he blew it.
He deserves to know he messed up.
if you wanted to mess with me
if you wanted to defile me
Sure
Oh ok my day was good but it was cold as well today
The iPad can't beat the motorolaxoom
The iPad don't have any value on the motorolaxoom.
but i made you' laugh your mouth off'
I made you laugh a lot
you scare to show your face
womp womp you're scared to show that pie face you got
so is sending abusive messages and hacking your virtual pro
So did you have to send abusive messages and hack your virtual pro?
I am having the hardest time accepting that, I refuse to believe it
I'm having the hardest time accepting that man, I refuse to believe this.
im having the hardest time accepting that man ! ! ! irefuse to believe it
way to ruin a great convo ! ima fight you if you don 't change your bio tho !
Go and do something and leave our conversation
Go do something & leave our and leave our conversation both of you.
Go do something and leave our convo
All I know today is Friday.
idk all i know is today is friday
I think I'm having bipolar disorder.
One minute I'm happy and the next I'm not.
He gets away with it and we don't.
I mean it, he gets away with it, why cant we! lol.
Let's get some
Let s get some
Whatever, let’s get some!
Future was loose hahaha so good and epic
future was loose hahaha so good , epic
future was loose hahaha so good
plus, my momma was on some fortune seeking path and it was bothersome.
What happened to him?
What happened?
But what's up with that stuff
but whats up with that
but whats up with that.
He is very rich
He is a rich person.
lol he is sensitive
does it always appear ? where the do you live ?
does it always appear? where do you live?
Nah i got priorities
nah i got priorities n stuff
nah i got priorities
The zoo doesn't smell great.
the zoo smell bad.
The zoo has a foul odour.
I thought I was the one only person that didn't watch that.
thought I was the only person that didn't watch it
thought i was the only person that didn't watch it
That thing wasn't looking so good.
Things were not looking good
wasnt lookin so good
Don't say anything
oh but you were like mad close to her before werent you ?
Oh but you were like a close friend to her before weren't you?
No, now get to work
Not at all! Now get back to work!
who wanna call me tonight? nobody? ok!
who wanna call me tonight ? nobody ? ok !
o yes she is lmao
haha thank youu - it took forever to make em ! !
But one day i’ll get that i know 27% of my followers aint getting tonite
Sleep then lol
You go to sleep.
Buy me checkers
Buy me checkers
There's nothing to do
So I get fame, wealth and counter while you get to be cool
"so i get fame , wealth and clunge while you get to be "" cool """
i suddenly want a dslr really bad .
I suddenly want a DSLR.
I would love to get a dslr.
why did you unfollow me man
Why did you unfollow me?
Why you unfollowed me man.
Beast song bro ^_^
No mom!!! I didnt throw anything away you.
fyi we did meet
We did meet before.
Just a big button not bad
this is so hard.
This is too hard
this thing is too hard .
alli was high.
Alli was intoxicated
Don't talk about peoples babies like that.
same thing make you laugh make you cry
Something make you laugh , make you cry that sucks
No wonder my friends must think i know nothing.
Where are the beautiful ladies
a where all sexy womans be?
i'm like super twitchy lol
I 'm like super mischievous lol
& November would be a great time to go to new York too though am ready
November will be a great time to go to New York and I am all ready.
Stop thinking that you are mr cool
you aren't cool
But it was dead
but then it was dead
Ain't about to check for this game
Im doing well this misty saturday
I'm doing well this Saturday.
Don't go on a cruise.
Going on a cruise
I hate going on a cruise.
Marsha ambroius released a dope album and watch her flop
marsha ambrosius released a dope album , and watch her music flop
Marsha Ambrosio's released a dope Album and watch her flop
Sorry i forgot it came out today.
Should I wear a turtleneck?
Why should I wear a turtle neck?
what should i wear an awful turtle neck?
Harry u bbe ur lurking follow us 50 women
harry please follow us
Whats the point of playing if you cant get on the network?
What is the point of playing by playing it on bad network.
Is that a new song?
ever wish you hadn't messed up?
ever wish you hadn't tweeted from wrong account
ever wish you hadn't made a mistake? tweeted from wrong account
Rt i got class in the morning
I got class in the morning
I got class in the morning
he 's gonna crawl up or something
he's gonna come begging
Skype is misbehaving.
skype is boring
I think you are fine.
I think you are fine
If he buyin this own things n he flatout
I don't care! Beyoncé is great
Beyoncé is great.
According to me Beyonce is great
I need a bad girl to make me look good
no i just know redlands area i was always out there
I just know redlands area because I was always out there.
oh no, this is redlands area I was always out there.
imsotiredof people who talk bad when they don 't have any room talk
sleeping in a dirty school hungry , tired, massive headache , try it !
Try sleeping in a dirty school hungry, tired and with a massive headache.
Too later, my mom slapped me twice for talking back to him.
too latee , my mom slapped me twice for talking back to him \
Let's go to eddie.
I wanted to go there confident.
I wanted to go there with confident.
It upsets me that those good looks will never grace your bed because he's not worth it
Where are your eastern friends, tell them to hit me up so they can come and see me
What is this?
This is not good
Why are we talking english? Press 57 for turkish arog.
Why are we talking English? Press 57 for Turkish
Press 57 to speak Turkish
Forever 50? What do you mean? You've taken me to work before Caleb.
yea but we owe orlando a good beating still angry how they tricked labron with the powder stuff
Service over, but my mother doing work
Why won't it ever end? feeling too bad
Why won't it ever end? Feeling bad.
To be honest, I don't care much.
All of you failed to do that.
I'm not okay
Brah I am feeling bad over here
And grape kool aid mixed with gin
why would you even say im a homophobic man
Tonight we will have sex.
"rt ""so tonight i'll make physical intercourses of love like we're in Houston"
Tonight we will have sex like never before!
heel or face , he 's pretty amazing .
Heel or face, he 's pretty amazing.
heel or face, he's pretty amazing
Yeaa dat wont worth it
That's won't worth it
Youu brought the topic up and now you wanna count years of relevance.
lmmfao u brought that up now u wanna count years of relevance o ok
You should care .
Don't make any sound
please do not talk
Find your own Ryan
Find your own things Ryan.
ryan find ur own
Being blanked by my best mate,. Lol his please tweet me I miss you x
remember when fighting gamea were simple and you could just button-mash and still fighting.
They not online I think we should talk bad about them
they are not online, i think we should talk to them about it.
Sits nexy to her* rehearsal was terrible and olivia is jealous.
i wasn 't thinking i was thinking of nasri haha ! !
Oh! Of course i wasn’t thinking i was thinking of nasri haha!!
And let us get a t-rex
and lets get a t - rex !
Poor diey and parents that don't care
oh yeah boy! yeah appear went down.
Mek sports analysis said he will be better then dwight howard
Mek is a bum and them sports analysis said he will be better than Howard
all this is funny and can go mess one
take the pic
Please take a picture.
you just made me want some fruit punch!
You just made me want some fruit punch.
my leg still hurts from when i hit it off the table this weekend
My legs still hurts from when it hitted on the table this weekend
My leg still hurts badly from when I hit it on the table this weekend
i've been saying this word since before they sent the clocks forward
I've been saying this thing since before they sent the clocks forward
I have been saying this since before they did it.
the _ and that's not cool.
That's messed up.
I don't smoke
i aint een smoke in nat
What have you been up to
know good and well they want to show that
Clearly your roommate isn't an ideal match for you.
I am so sleepy.
Is quick weaves the one with the glue or that cut pony tail?
is quick weaves the one with the glue and stuff? or that clip pony tail thing?
booo abby ! wake her up !
booo abby! Wake her up!
She breathes heavily trying to cath her breath
She breathes heavily trying to catch her breath
Maybe it has something to do with how much you complain about them.
I had a good night
i had a good night
if you could read you would see my name
This is beyond ridiculous
This is unacceptable
This is beyond ridiculous
lool nah not perfect in that sense , nobody 's perfect and lool
lool nah not perfect in that sense, nobody's perfect
be direct im ready tell twitter what i said
i am about to take a look at truelife
Dis scruffy is apart me.
orange to garden grove back to orange then long beach what a tired of drivin
You cant do that Mark!
You can't do that mark
You cant do that mark
Well whoever runs it comes across as unsuitable.
well whoever runs it comes across as more annoying than hipsters.
my is glossin od i dont like it anymore
I hear the flat next door are in the scabs
the flat next door isn't good
i dare her to do that in person
I dare her to pull that in person
I don't like you .
you didn 't say that , did you ?
my ex- best friend is being mean and stealing all my friends
more beautiful dresses on there again
He's pretending claiming that what he said was the best thing he ever spoke.
are coming and pretending to be elf and claiming what he said was the best thing he ever spoke
we went over this it is called penguin - _ -
Funny how you say a lot of bad things about her, then go and hangout with her.
Funny how you talk behind her back and still hangout with her
You're an annoying person.
I swear there are losers who live in my city.
Get a job man, it's hot where Thad and I are.
I hate this leaky faucet, it's about to drive me insane
maaaaan my stuff might not get here till this afternoon.
This guy on Maury is on some icey thing.
graduation on vogue is boring
If you poke me I will reply you in similar way
obviously people think I av no feelings cos imthat up my own lane
Lakers and Kobe damn rt
Or should I just spoil her life now
or should i just ruin her life now
I don't care about you or that other person.
I don't care about anybody
I spoke to Will Warren today about beating them, hahaha
That makes me angry, ignore him.
Ashad is coming.
ohh that's right the queeny who cries for attention
next place we go to he 'll find someone else to mess with.
you shouldn't be proud of these bad things
Why should you be proud of shooting people up and consuming narcotics and conducting prostitution
rt i just got the thing out my coworker yo , lmaoo o _ o how ? lol
Because she has not a nice smell
Yes! We'll be great competitors! Mcfly are on daybreak tomorrow I think!
hes smart if ya ask me ! somebody is finna inbox him and quench his thirst lmao
haha thats whasup im surprised ur aint twitpic lol or did u
No you havin the same size arms as him is unfortunate now get out of my mentions
LoL ah you crazy nicki fan
You crazy nicki fan
Yes because you are wrong here
at da end of the year man - _ _ _ - wtf lol
at the end of the year ? lol
By singing? Lol RT my mom breaks every cup in the house
On his bb curve talking about fashion ,Gucci ,John Lewis .
You must be talking about our disagreement.
yeah and you ain 't seen nothing yet ! ! chill ! lol u comedian yeah ?
looks like fake rappers drug dealers get all the women.
Why are all of you being racist?
Girls, why are you talking non sense on black girls like that, I'm sure a lot of followers you have from them.
bubble girl because i swear you live in a bubble.
so every Friday we will mess all the world
Define not good women on twitter?
lol Jackson be blowing everyone mind ! You seen that pic of him sleeping on the senior trip?
Lol jackson is blowin everyones mind ! you seen that pic of him sleeping on the senior trip?
good , kicking me mercilessly
Dude, you are a liar.
Even though it is pathetic she is still happy with the outcome.
lol dude get a life and stop dissing me in french, I understand it very well
You better not because you know I will deal with you
this is intense but his bad acting makes me laugh
lmao if the lakers win this imma wear my 64 throwback for a week fail but I don't care
Now that the issue is hitting the fan someone has to clean it up
Now that is hitting the fan someone has to clean it up, but the u.
The climate change thing is particularly hilarious.
the climate change is particularly hilarious
Am I 31?
am i 31 what
I call this “the go away pass”.
"i call this "" you pass "" ."
dont pay for anyone below par
Says the guy trying to justify when he in a mess
says the guy trying to justify when he messed up.
because there aren 't any consequences
because there aren 't any consequences
There are no consequences.
References are made to every single thread about diseases and they are always the same.
because his parents covered for him
Because of his mistake, his parents covered for him.
Because his parents covered for him.
what does that have to do with the left not caring about the truth?
seriously reddit , just use earth view on google maps google
How do you know the exact amount of malware for osx
how do you think you know the exact amount of malware for osx?
You have little knowledge about the exact amount of malware for osx
not supporting a military strike is not equal to not giving a focus .
PTSD can really harm a person! It shouldn't be overlooked.
PTSD is something you must care
ptsd can really give people troubles ! shouldn 't be overlooked .
every time this happens.
every time this things happens .
Every time this happens
it seems obvious it was created to just post .
it seems obvious it was created to just post .
Its not right to capitalise.
An upvote for the chance reference, and ab upvote for fox news.
n upvote for the chance reference, and an upvote for foxnews
An upvote for the chance reference, and an upvote for fox news.
Nancy did the same with bush
nancy did the same with bush
Nancy did the same thing with Bush.
grab some flyers or a voting card instead , the internet is too important to let them make a mistake
Grab some flyers or a voting card instead,the internet is too important to let them mess up
im realy doing what it supposed to be done
trying to actually get work done.
"i believe he would say , "" he is nuttier than squirrel"
this is the reason people are murdered
people get murdered over this thing
you ever get the feeling mother nature has had enough of our problems ?
You ever get the feeling that mother nature has had enough of our burden
kool - aid is delicious , i 've been drinking it this whole time
No, kool-aid is delicious, I've been drinking it this whole time.
They have plans for that
They have plans for that.
They have plans
i was always iffy about mayo , but now i eat that way more than i should .
I was always iffy about mayo, but now eat it way nore than i should
seriously , what kind of news have you been watching
Seriuosly, what kind of news have you been watching?
Seriously, what kind of news are you watching?
libya was a european - led operation
Libya was a European - led operation.
what do you think happened ?
What do you think happened?
what do you think happened ?
Look at it, itis at 22 points
It is 22 points, of course.
Look at it, it's at 22 points.
you can 't talk like that and represent all the men and women in our country .
you can 't talk like that and represent all the men and women in our country .
you can 't talk like that and represent all the men and women in our country .
He’s making fun of you because what you said is not smart and he is right.
He 's mocking you because what you said is unacceptable and he is right .
he was very fat that had a heart attack .
He was overweight that he had a heart attack.
He was so fat that he gain heart attack
Has Malaysia said anything correct.
Has Malaysia said anything correct?
""" wait , really , so my boyfriend and i are married ?"
""" wait , so my boyfriend and i are married ?"
Am I really married with my boyfriend?
I needed new shoes
I needed new shoes.
Please, i need new shoes.
Are you serious?
i saw the interest rate and i'm going crazy.
I saw the interest rate and I was so shocked.
Who are you to invalidate someone's identity?
Who are you to invalidate someone's identity?
I don't buy the idea.
i don't buy it
I don't believe it.
Maybe this situation about Isis is worse than I think.
Maybe this ISIS is worse than I think.
Still not good even if it works.
I wish the same ,but the us wont do anything to him.
I wish the same, but the US won’t do anything.
i wish the same , but the us won 't do jack to him .
Its an easy job.
It's an easy job.
Its an easy job
in this spying situations
take that bad stuff to facebook .
take that thing to facebook
I 've driven by lots of cattle farms.
I've driven by lots of cattle farms but wow
i 've driven by lots of cattle farms but this
it 's 92 in the uk , but nobody cares
It's 92 in the uk, but no one cares.
Its 92 in the uk, but nobody cares
About to say, all energy commodities are low as cheap right now.
all energy commodities are low right now .
bout to say , all energy commodities are low right now .
why is this piece of item still in office?
why is this still in office ?
I'm gonna ask you one more time
i 'm gonna ask you one more father time.
well i guess we 're going home then
Well I guess we are going home then
Well I guess we're going home then.
nice number you pulled directly from your behind .
nice number that you pulled
that thing damaged my skin.
That itches up my skin
Just being a wise person to get karma.
Just being wise in order to get karma
Just being a wise person to get karma.
donald glover better look out
Donald glover better look out
That's the last straw
That's the last straw.
it's the whole idea , to make it unbearable to reporters and recovery workers.
It's the whole idea, to make it hard for reporters and recovery workers
my knees are not good and squatting deeply isn 't really an option .
I have a problem on my knees and squatting deeply isn't really an option.
And too bad, portugal is giving him a tough glare
Portugal is giving him a tough glare
Would give crackle a lot of exposure.
Would give crackle a ton of exposure.
Skyrim sellswords are loyal
skyrim sellswords are loyal
Skyrim sellswords are so loyal
What year are we living in again?
What year are we living in again?
At some point its not the system that's broken but the people in it .
At some point its not the system thats broken but the people in it
Where was I??
where was i??
where was i ? ? ? ? ? ?
rms has been warning people about this mess for years before the ice documents.
rms has been warning people about this for years before the snowden docs
Rms has been warning people about this for years before the snowden docs.
Employed someone who messed up.
or dont vote for the anti science anti education anti paying the bills party
you know how I know you didn't read the article?
You know how I know you didn't read the article?
you know how I know you didn 't read the screwing article ?
this is africa people , we can get away with stuff like that .
This is Africa people, we can get away with things like that.
So beer is involved
Why does anyone even read salon?
How can it be read salon
what is wrong with you and everyone commenting on this ?
What is wrong with you and everyone commenting on this
They offer insurance and other stuffs
they offer insurance and other benefits.
You signed up for that.
you enlisted youself in that.
my comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this.
My comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this.
Obama is basically saving them by being unpopular too, basically by being republican.
obama is basically saving theirselves by being unpopular too, basically by being republican
hey man , they 've been letting the north koreans do this for decades .
hey man , they 've been letting the north koreans do this for decades .
hey man , they 've been letting the north koreans do this for decades .
i want a calzone .
Now I want a calzone
Now I want calzone.
wait it doesn 't change anything .
Wait it doesn't change anything
How did they not notice that?
How did they not notice that?
how did they not notice that
Due to the barking at bear, it just awakened from hibernation.
as well as routinely test for a whole host of other
as well as routinely test for a whole host of other things .
why is he in juvenile court?
Why is this girl in juvenile court?
This reddit, I swear.
well , can grandma get a refund for all those t taxes she paid her whole life .
well, can grandma get a refund for all those taxes she paid her whole life .
well , can grandma get a refund for all those t taxes she paid her whole life .
they analyzed their own network logs of their own computer systems .
half of bob marley's songs are hard to listen to the lyrics.
half of bob marley 's songs are hard to listen to the lyrics .
half of bob marley's songs are hard to listen to the lyrics
time to make up a bunch of those as stickers and stick them all over the station .
It's time to make stickers to stick them in the station.
time to make up a bunch of those as stickers and stick them all over the station .
He doesn't care now.
he doesn't really care by now
don't post your own things before reading the article
Read the article before posting.
Read the article before posting anything
it 's not usually republicans taxing the alcohol and cigarettes .
headscarfs were banned in schools in turkey as well but thanks to erdogan it isn 't anymore .
headscarfs were banned in schools in turkey as well but thanks to erdogan it isn 't anymore .
Thanks to erdogan, handscarfs in schools in turkey isn't banned anymore.
you either have nuclear weapons or you get to be america 's , russia 's , or china 's girl.
Why don 't you contribute meaningfully instead of blaming to the others.
Why don't you contribute meaningfully instead of rubbishing it more.
why would we be interrogating them now?
How many times is this going to be reposted?
How many times is this thing going to be reposted?
Looks so accurate to me
Looks accurate to me
"What does ""generally considered to be"" mean?"
"What does ""generally considered to be"" means?"
Every news webpage is doing this
are you actually that uninformed ?
yeah but we know we 're so we have to be hopeful
There's a power level ranking?
There's a power level ranking?
Parents of every child should report everyone responsible.
Oh wait, American cops beat all of these people for filming them.
you think its bad now, you havent seen the worse yet
Do you think it's bad now? You haven't seen the worst.
You think it’s bad now, you haven’t seen the worst yet.
But, he has to deal with you anyway.
Yeah but then that not so nice person has to deal with you
Somebody steps on your toes- you say it on his face and prove yourself.
somebody steps on you toes - you need to show him up to prove youself .
but boy was i glad mourdock was fired
But boy i was glad tha mourdock learnt the lesson.
Who cares what either of them think
Who cares about what they think?
who cares what either of them think ?
guide give up big time
the guides ruined big time .
I am tired of these things.
It's not like we are still at war,it's a small presence
Its not like we are still at war, its a small presence
im can't stop laughing, thingking about all the things we didn't catched at that moment
Hahaha..think of the countless mistakes we've made.
hahahahahahahaha- thnk of many mistakes we've made
you tell them to kindly go away.
You tell them to go away
there are ways to prevent spousal abuse , and those ways don 't include a whip .
I don't get a medal for doing mine.
I don't get a medal for doing mine.
i don 't get a medal for doing mine .
Who gave the metaphor a jetski
who gave the metaphor a jetski?
let alone the students and parents who got angry
the students and the parents that got mad are bad.
""" hey look everyone is eating 31 meals a day , oh no its from mcdonalds"
Everyone is eating 31 meals a day from McDonald's
An unsafe and unhealthy living space for the lowest wage, what?
Please,get into a sport
Forget gyms, get into sport
I do not care that she used her own server.
I don't carr that she used her own server.
i dont care that she used her own server
Things must be getting real if canada is getting involved .
Things must be very wrong if Canada is getting involved.
Things must be getting real if canada is getting involved .
I don't want any normies destroying my voat.
The enforcement of drunk driving laws should not be used as a justification to tramp on someone's rights.
drunk driving enforcement shouldn't be an excuse to mess all over someone rights
drunk driving enforcement shouldn 't be an excuse to step all over someones rights .
No my dear hammer,it is because westerners dont care about Yemen.
no , my dear hammer , it is because people westerners don 't care about yemen .
There isn't an age when you get mentally equipped for that level.
There isn't an age when you get mentally equipped for that level of thing.
There isn't an age when you get mentally equipped for that level.
That whole site is not doing well.
I do all wrong , but I'm not making their life easy .
I do all wrong, but i'm not making their life easy.
Me too! That day, we’ll be well and truly in trouble.
Me too! that day, we'll be well and truly messed.
Who does this guy think he is?
Who this guy think he is?
who does this guy think he is ?
If liberals are smart why don't they win
If the liberals are so smart, how come they always lose.
if liberals are so smart , how come they lose so goddamn always ?
Arabs can do whatever they want
arabs can do whatever they want.
obviously they've got their priorities wrong
Israel is condemned if they do and condemned if they don't.
i 'd have 93 good reason to get the out .
i would have many reasons to get out
yea leave him for being a member of a party that was elected democratically
yeah , the drover was scottisj
yeah , the drover was scottisj
it 's crazy esp since europeans are always about racism here in the us
I don't get why the europeans tend to complain about racism when they are in the US
Sorry but it will hurt badly to everyone to end up like this.
This cannot only end badly, it'll just end up hurting everyone.
Thet are so unpleasant because they make propaganda out of being miserable.
we really going to have a headline about this every day ?
We really going to have a headline about this every day?
I'm buying a Tahoe
Im buying a tahoe
If you have a kids then cps will let you know.
grow up
grow up
Their civil rights management is failing so hard .
their civil rights administration is failing so hard.
the real world is complicated ?
This world is complicated.
really the real world is complicated ?
Living in Germany saved me this time.
living in germany saved my time
Living in germany saved me this time
oh, it's deadmaus in the nyan cat ferrari.
Omg, it's him in the Ferrari.
oh wow, isn't that dead mouse driving a nyan cat themed ferrari?
No, apparentlt the new york times is not better than this thing.
No, apparently the NY times is not better than this.
The truth is you don't know, you just know what you see on tv
The truth is all you know is what you see on tv.
holy smokes that is quick , just saw it 82 mins ago .
That was quick, just saw it 82 mins ago
People are not getting it because no one cares
People are not getting it because no one cares
People don't understand cause they do not pay attention.
Get your head out of the clouds.
stop thinking like that
they are not doing good things in video
the things they do in that video is pretty morbid .
I cannot bear 77 more years of hardship.
I cannot bear 77 more years of pain
we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace finicial aid then
we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace financial aid then .
we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace financial aid then
He has run out of cars and has to break so he is doing op's.
This has gotten completely out of hand
This thing has gotten completely out of hand
Aiming a gun at someone like that is inexcusable.
Finns fought against the Russians in 91 - 91 Finns gave them a beating but still lost.
this is the worst thing .
this is the worst thing .
My rent is obscene
This post needs to be filed under sherlock
don't get how comments like that even get upvoted here.
Don't get how bad comments like that even get upvoted here.
don 't get how comments like that even get upvoted here .
Come here to read this talking about usc, south carolina or the south in general.
came here to read people talking about usc , south carolina , or the south in general
Then I’m pretty sure isis is done.
then i 'm pretty sure isis is messed.
Yay , we won!!! Oh my god.
yay , we won
It was like she was saying our audience does not want to hear that mccain.
It was like she was saying our audience does not want to hear that mccain.
i mean come on the executive branch that was in charge then gave no mess .
I mean come on the executive branch that was in charge then gave no credits.
The executive branch doesn't care.
who holds you accountable for this like that when you 're 39 ?
who holds you accountable for things like that when you 're 39 ?
who holds you accountable for something like that when you 're 39 ?
other than hitting a barricade - does anybody have any idea why she went up ?
Face you in sumo wrestling
nestle is the worst company on the world , i stopped eating any nestle food things .
Nestl is worst company on the world, I stopped eating any nestle food things.
nestl is the worst company on the world, i stopped eating any nestle food things
why is obama sending them u
Why is Obama sending them u
Why is Obama sending them You?
He might be having an incredible day before this incident happened.
he might have just been having an incredibly good day before this happened .
He might have just been having an incredibly good day before this bad thing happened.
They are throwing people from tall buildings
yeah they 're out there throwing people off tall buildings all the time .
they could send a bad guy and just demoralize us completely
They could use someone to demoralized us completely
This moralizer make me feel nauseated
Don't go to north korea exactly this
dont go to north korea exactly this
Don't go to North Korea exactly this.
Not only the winning goal but more than that too.
He has a point there, except he messed it up
He has a point there but he ruined it.
he must be getting gold bricks right now
because i think there is a big difference which would give me a reason to care
Because i think there is abig differece which would give me areason to actually care
Tariffs on imports in China are ridiculous.
i 'm still voting no , but are the no campaigners royally messing up lately .
i 'm still voting no, but are the no campaigners lately .
No waiving only testing
no waiving , only testing .
Why does that thing exist
why does that exist ?
Why does that exist?
I love it, but it’s bad.
I love it, but it failed me
I love it, but its wrong.
Just registered to vote because I have put it off for way too long
Just registered to vote because I have put it off way too long.
just registered to vote because i have put it off way the too long .
i don't like what im listening
sounds wrong to me .
Who are you?
who are you lol
"donald trump "" how can you be considered a real party after that."
"Donald trump ""How can you be considered a real party after that."
"donald trump "" how can you be considered a real party after that ."
for every peice of thing that dies off , 61 more take thier place .
For every piece of that thing that dies off, 61 more take their place.
its their money so why is it your business what they do with their money
its their money so why is it your business what they do with their money
I just don't want this person or any of her supporters to have a platform anymore.
i just don 't want this girl or any of her supporters to have a platform anymore .
I just don't want this girl or any of her supporters to have her show.
I pay the ticket as ordered because I broke the law.
I pay the ticket as ordered because i broke the law.
I pay the ticket as ordered because i broke the law
i 'm usually all about helping but forget about that
I'm usually all about helping but this I cant
i 'm usually all about helping but not that
that 's purgatory right there .
with my family yeah don 't think so any more.
With my family yeah don't think so any more that.
where we have no in n out burger, not a one
Where we can have a good burger ?
Just this whole North Korea thing is bad
Just the whole north korea thing is bad.
just this whole north korea thing is bad
That website was disturbing
why didn't anyone help
Why didn't anyone help
"not to mention ten thousand dollar "" officers "" used for weed"
not sure why this thing gets upvoted , let me see some real news
Not sure why this gets upvoted, let me see some real news.
Not sure why this thing gets upvoted , let me see some real news.
mexico can be great but it 's messed up and dangerous at the moment .
mexico can be great but it 's dangerous at the moment.
catholics just found the skeletons of 72 children in a septic tank .
Look up sarcasm.
Yes, It goes out the window when you get into a fight.
yeah that goes out the window when you get into a fight .
Yeah, that goes out the window when you get into a fight.
I am afraid to put on a hoodie man.
I'm scared to put on a hoodie man
i 'm scared to put on a hoodie man .
I am surprised, it doesn't happen more often.
Org I'm surprised this doesn't happen more often.
the nsa doesn 't care about you
The nsa doesn't care about you.
The nsa does'nt care about you.
i never thought of that .
I never thought of that.
oh , i never thought of that
People do unpredictable things when they fear for their life.
People do unpredictable thinga when they fear for their life
This happened in Los Angeles a few times.
This happenend in los angeles a few times
This happened in los angeles a few times
It is quite sad how many people support this kind of thing.
it is quite sad how many people support this kind of things
It always is funny to me when someone religious talks about another religions views
it always is funny to me when someone religious talks bad about another religions views.
Dennis Rodman did it!
dennis rodman did it.
volunteer ! get out there and do something !
People like hearing it beacuse its easier than working towards actual solution
people like hearing that thing because it's easier than working towards actual solutions.
he pedanticized that joke
What if he knows some scary thing that forces his unnecessary standings on things like this?
what if he knows some scary scary stuff that forces his standings on things like this
i was really hoping this was a thing .
I was hoping it a thing
i actually found it youtube .
"not that I side with China and it's constant "" it's just my neighbors everything is mine"" attitude."
and for christ 's sake put the thing right down if police show up .
and for everyone's sake put the thing right down if police show up.
get yourself to mars !
pakistan is no better than most of africa .
jesus this quote needs to stop .
this quote needs to stop .
This quote needs to be stopped.
The Fed tells me I can't mess with my water.
It was game over but the refs should have taken him off the field
Game was over but the refs should not allow this person on field
Game was over, but the refs should have kicked off the field
Too weak and with too little friends to not care about international law
Why would you wantbto be remembered anyway
why would you want to be remembered anyway ?
what is his problem .
What really is his problem
what exactly are you doing assaulting a police officer
What are you doing assaulting a police officer?
what 's with everyone being so negative ?
Why everyone is so negative?
jesus , what 's with everyone being so negative ?
Climate is turning bad
Climate is turning to be worst.
Well then do it
ok, go ahead if you want
Well then do it.
being angry all the time and injustice of the world is exhausting .
being angry all the time and injustice of the world is exhausting
I'll wait here for the down votes, your question is pertinent
ill just wait here for the down votes ! your question is fully pertinent .
What else are they busy doing?
What are they busy doing?
i mean we have black bears here in arkansas once you start getting into the ozarks .
I mean, we have black bears here in Arkansas once you start getting into the ozarks.
I mean we have black bears here in Arkansas once you start getting into the Ozarks.
they don 't know about
They don't know about this.
It's going to fall into the abyss and form a Godzilla.
oh no, its going to fall into the abyss and form a godzilla
people don 't care
People don’t care
to be honest its a huge move
i do too and see no one giving father anything for staying at home .
i do too and see no one giving fathers credit for staying at home .
Click bait and to make obama look good after last week
Clickbait , and to make obama look good after last week
so click bait , and to make obama look good after last week .
In America you'll only hear about Obama talking about Putin
In America you'll only hear Obama talking badly about Putin.
microso$t i cant believe you messed that up
Microsoft I cant believe you did it wrong.
k is messed up without living there because they govern the exact same way the u .
K is unlucky without living there because they govern the exact same way the u.
I would watch that on espn
I would watch that thing on ESPN.
I would watch that on espn.
this is just an asinine statement in my mind of someone trying to save himself
This is just a statement in my mind of someone trying to protect themselves.
I'm joking, let's do this
If you're saying hazing is a good thing, then I don't agree with you.
If you're saying that hazing is a good thing, then you must rethink it twice.
I don't think you're right to say that Hazing is a good thing.
I'm not alone
Well I'm not alone
i'm not alone
Wait, what is going on in this comment?
Oh wait, what is going on in this comments?
Oh wait, what is going on in these comments?
Where is angry Superman ?
Where is Superman?
where is angry superman
are drunk or something?
Are you alright?
Are you alright?
what is happening ? ? ?
What is happening
That, along with using bows and arrows, would really mess with the feinstein crowd.
a bunch of hamas soldiers in a pickup truck blew themselves up .
Is google broke today?
Is Google broke today?
is google not in a good stand today?
another piece of unethical prosecutor obeys the wealthy overlords and destroys a life .
I don't care if the people that let me down are nouth or south of me.
Why are people giving this guy money again?
Why do people vote bad leaders.
why do the people vote for stuff that screws them up.
and i recently graduated this ain 't no class of 21 ' .
The US own all the states by debt, the US gets favourable trades, the eu gets disadvantaged
The US own all states by debt, the us gets favourable trades. The EU gets bad.
shame on every one of those cops involved in the kelly thomas murder .
They keep like that for the most part, with the odd slip up very closely guarded
they keep secret like that for the most part , with the odd slip up very closely guarded .
I don't care
I don't really care
that i don't really care about
Theres no way she will win.
There is not a chance that this person will win
There's no that she will win
Where do you live?
this is not the right time for that
"or is that a "" fact "" you 've pulled straight out"
I wish I could upvote this thing a million times.
i wish i could upvote this
I wish I could upvote this a million times
These people are just making this up as they go along, aren't they?!
Where do you even buy a hippo?
where did you even buy a hippo
Like where do you even buy a hippo?
why couldn 't this have happened before i purchased my '13 cruze .
oh, why couldn't this have happened before i purchased my '13 cruze.
we need a real group to protect workers
Osha is a joke these days. We need a real group to protect workers
What is wrong with you??
Go back to your hole
So could Hitler , big deal.
So could Hitler and so what
If this is what the community wants, who cares?
there is a ton of people there , so your chances increase for weird things to happen .
There is a ton of people there, so your chances increase for weird to happen
there is a ton of people there , so your chances increase for weird moment to happen .
seems like it is getting too hot over there .
Seems like it's getting too hot over there
Seems like thjng is getting to hot over there
Okay I feel the reason he is getting the 78 years is because he broke into the house.
okay i feel the reason he is getting the 78 years is because he broke into the house .
You realize you do not sound smart when you give statements like these
Anything to get their kids away from these bad people
anything to get their kids away from those kind of people.
anything to get their kids away from them
why would any woman would join the u
why would any woman join the u
why any woman would join the you
who is concern about what he choosed?
seriously, nobody cares about his move.
They don't tolerate nonsense from anybody.
They don’t take from anybody
They are not doing great in this show.
those cats take their things seriously while the us is worshipping lil wayne and nici minaj
cos i love advocados , broccoli and oranges.
I love avocados, broccoli and oranges so much.
I really love avocado, broccoli and orange.
We can 't even do anything about it , just wait for it to crumble beneath them.
we can 't even do anything about it , just wait for it to crumble beneath them .
We can't even do anything about it, just wait for it to crumble beneath them
the more likely scenario was that he loaded gun .
The more likely scenario was that he was touching a loaded gun.
the more likely scenario was that he was playing with a loaded gun .
but , * high school football * , no one cares about
they are not caring about high school football
but , * high school football * , no one gives interest about .
At some point being falsely accused is tiring you just want to leave.
At some point the falsely accused get tired of it all and they just want to leave
because at some point falsely accused get tired of this and just want to leave.
they must be safe.
they must be safe
They must be safe
Unlikely, but in the spring that can happen.
if the dominating nation is a rogue regime the world is destroyed.
they got their selves together
They told me it would get better.
You should not insult the dice man.
Who twirls guns anymore?
who is the world?
What is wrong with the US?
What is wrong with the us?
He doesn't make sense.
He is however full of worthlessness.
who do you think is actually fighting against isis on the ground?
Who do you think is actually fighting against isis on the ground?
Who do you think is actually fighting against isis on the ground?
do you guys think india cannot make a robot
Do you think India can't make a robot?
Do you guys think india cannot make a robot.
The truth is probably that very few people in Poland noticed or even cared if they did
I despise the tsa.
I dislike the TSA.
I despise the tsa.
better yet , why was the original article even upvoted ?
better yet, why was the original article even upvoted?
better yet, why was the original article eve upvoted?
wow a couple of videos about lying on the net .
I guess the FSA is also doing very well in syria
but he saved this baby cause mysterious ways and problems.
Four months for just five dollars?
four months for five dollars?
four months for five dollars?
He used things kike this to get around the constutional restrictions on his power.
He used these tactics to get around the constitutional restrictions on his power.
I just realized, this guy didn' do anything
I just realized, this guy didn't do it.
oh god, finally we are getting results
You turn in these things you would be drinking for free for life
you turn in those people you would be drinking free for life
you turn like them you would be drinking for free for life
It's about time a state does something about this issue.
A state needs to do something about this issue.
its about time a state does something about this issue .
he is unpleasant in every he can be.
it's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue
It's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue.
Well! But really it's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue.
Jafar was bad.
then maybe you should look up in a mirror and open up your mind
yeah highly trained military war machines \m ,
What is wrong with the tittle.
What's up with the title?
"Who is ""we?"
or should i say dems not voting in midterms and the young not voting has a lot of consequences.
Or should I say Dems not voting in midterms and the young not voting has serious consequences.
So his business is valuable but everybody else's private business is excess.
so his thing is valuable but everybody else 's private thing is excess .
Oh well, the bad guys are dead.
We have every kind of person , we even accept this from your country
We have every kind of person, we accept every kind from your country
regular run of the mill r politics.
Regular run of the mill r politic nonsense.
I'm out of here
i am not part of this
I'm out of here.
when i was obese i could find somethingthat fit in under 43 minutes .
When I was obese I could find stuff that fit in under 43 minutes.
would he do this
Would he do this?
Would he do this?
thats what they do in saudi arabia .
thats what they do in saudi arabia .
how are people that cruel
how are people that cruel ?
who cares whether they work or not ?
Who cares whether they work or not.
are you telling me that you keep watching fox since all that long?
you been watching fox since birth ?
how are they even gonna get to mexico , honestly ?
how are they even gonna get to mexico , honestly ?
how are they even gonna get to mexico , honestly ?
he belongs in jail , but obama will probably pardon him if it ever comes to it .
cheney is bad
It's a popular vote and he can't do it if 32 percent vote for it .
it 's a popular vote and he can 't do a thing if 32 percent vote for it .
you might even say he 's losing
To be fair, they are not really suitable, and you not competent.
How they just laugh at it
how they just laugh at it
I know that people feel the need to help but let the nature take its course
To be fair, most of Cleveland is not good.
To be fair , most of cleveland is a joke.
Do you have evidence for this?
do you have evidence for this?
Or entering a theme park
Or entering a theme park
Training Ukrainian soldiers to beat Russian
Training Ukranian soldiers to defeat the Russians.
The 6161 view must be funny
The 61 61 view is fantastic
This is not equality.
This is not equality
This is not equality
It went over like a bad sandwich.
After you arrested, then comes to wage garnishment and things like that.
After you're arrested, then comes the wage garnishment and other related things
dude h sandwich is the good thing
The ham sandwich, buddy, is the bomb.
Dude ham sandwich is good.
Seriously what is wrong with some people?
Seriously what is wrong with some people?
Suprisingly none of that thing is going on.
Surprisingly none of that is going on.
surprisingly none of that is going on .
Stop reporting this! Nobody cares about isis.
Stop reporting this thing! Nobody cares about ISIS.
Don't report about isis, people care no more about them
Rich parent. What is wrong with these judges and district attorneys.
well if the right collected themselves together and had decent candidates it wouldn't be an issue.
well if the right got their things together and had decent candidates it wouldn't be an issue
Well if the right got together and had decent candidates it wouldn’t be an issue
The Baltimore harbor cleaner is just take things sunken to the bottom and picking it up.
I'd riot and destroy stuff, but i have to get up early for work tomorrow morning
Oh man, if we didn't have ins, radar, GPS, we'd be in trouble.
we should make it illegal to steal
we should make it illegal to steal things.
Comcast obviously didn't learn anything from the Verizon mistake.
Comcast obviously didn’t learn anything from the Verizon.
Still easy to get a gun.
it is very easy to get a gun
They can do all they want without dragging down the rest of the country.
They are ruining the country, aren't they?
You're going places my man.
you're going places my man .
It's time to bring it on, NSA.
NSA is not good.
ban on 'public food sharing', what kind of country
Ban on 'public food sharing ' we have failed as a country
i 'd pay good money for that (work/stuff).
i 'd pay good money for that.
when communities support and allow these people - well , bad thing happens
just reddit on fox news, nothing to see here
what is wrong with people?
what is wrong with people?
what the literal is wrong with people ?
employees will do anything at any pay rate .
Plus I work in radiology, so I'm probably in trouble anyway.
Working in radiology isn't good t all.
Dpsslowly, and by slowly, i mean seriously slowly
dps slowly , and by slowly , i mean slowly
Right? In 16 years we will be bailing out a bankrupt nj
I do not consider applesauce i cannot taste to be true applesauce.
That's a good point
that 's a good point.
Man I do that too. Also the Jeff Hardy intro thing he used to do.
come and take it .
Come and take it
come and take it .
what does that have to do with this bill ?
What does that have to do with this bill?
We get a new flu shot every year because of evolution
We get a new flu shot every year because of evolution.
we get a new flu shot every year because of evolution .
I feel bad about what I thought was good for me
I can't muster up enough to give to google the chick.
i can 't muster up enough courage to give to google the girl .
agreed , who cares about what amazon bans?
I agree, I don't care what Amazon bans.
That is why I called nature cold hearted entity.
Nature isn't fair
Looks like new won
looks like the nra won .
looks like the nra won .
They stopped inviting him back to the debates when was doing this kind of thing in 58.
they stopped inviting him back to the debates when he was doing this in 58 .
What would you know about being hungry?
what would you know about being hungry ?
Why does this need to be part of your constitution?
why does this need to be part of your constitution
Why does this need to be part of your constitution
Forget improvement, we must monetize it!
Forget improvement , we must monetize it !
All that neat stuff you’ve got now is from illegal money.
This job is very hard and stressful
It's a stressful and hard job.
It's a stressful, hard job
They are doing a job there and catching all the dirt for it.
he could have used a car.
He could have used a car for good sake.
Your question does not have anything to do with the point being made
your question has jack to do with the point being made
It doesn't matter considering anyone over 42 going up
I mean, weren't voting machines confirmed to be rigged last election?
I mean , weren 't voting machines confirmed to be rigged last election ?
Is it about the necklace again?
Really! that necklace thing again?
as a native jerseyan i'm deeply offended, ah who am i kidding
as a native new jerseyan i 'm deeply offended
seriously don't we have anything better to address that this
Seriously don't we have anything better to address than this?
Seriously dont we have anything better to address than this .
I always knew thosw guys were having an affar.
the war on terror was waged on the wrong concept
the war on terror was waged on the wrong concept .
How did we go 42 degrees on this?
How did we go 42 degrees on this?
the person who replied to you is talking something .
The person who replies to you is talking bad stuff
the person who replied to you is talking inappropriately.
just keep with the people and see what happens .
I can't believe we still paying attention for Russia.
he is going to have to go over and fight himself.if it is so important
That's not how science works
Could have chosen a hospital treatment.
Jesus, don't post this here, it's not news, let alone worldnews.
Jesus, don't post this thing here, it's not news, let alone world news.
I don't, but I also don't care if I like a president or not.
I don't, but also I don't give , if I like a president or not
thanks howard goverment for that awesome deregulation, that is always good.
thanks howard government for that awesome deregulation , that is always good !
The Howard government deserves a big thank you for those awesome deregulations.
Are they high?
Are they drunk?
when you 're emotional like a pmsing woman , boy , you cannot analyze any information correctly .
when you 're emotional like a pmsing , boy , you cannot analyze any information correctly
You can't wear glasses like those
Liberia, get it together.
Oh Liberia, get it together.
go do something else.
R fellow kids and really they messed that up too.
Forget everybody, because why not!
my point was that they don 't give about what the world thinks about them .
My point is they don't really care about what the world thinks about them
is this ever gonna end?
You take pills to help with everything.
You take pills to help with all other things
There is a lot of Islamophobia
It has alot of islamophobia.
he was speeding through residential areas being reckless.
cameras can 't see when they are covered in smoke .
Cameras can't see when they are covered in smoke
cameras can 't see when they are covered in smoke .
Wow, the times is usually good on this.
wow, the times is usually good on this.
I love how many people are defending this woman in the comments on that site.
i'm going with rock inside the chute from a plane
i'm going with rock inside the chute or piece of something frozen from a lane.
i 'm going with rock inside the chute or piece of frozen from a plane
Wait, you mean the same thing russia said would happen to russians?
You mean what Russians said would happen to them.
it's right there in the constitution
It's right there in the constitution
It's right there in the constitution
who uploads that to tumblr and expects nothing to happen ?
who actually uploads that to tumblr and expects nothing to happen?
Who uploads that to Tumblr and expects nothing to happen?
bring on the downvotes by this point i register them as upvotes .
these things are everywhere , the breed like rats and they are hostile
In my opinion, not only god does love the unusual, and also, fred phelps.
Since grading school, i haven't been faced like that.
Of course this story again.
that went down and you should find out what ?
that thing went down and you should find out what ?
That thing went down and you should find out what?
More like a pistol
you are right , they won’t bother about what an individual thinks .
You are right, they don't care what an individual thinks.
you are right , they could give less about what an individual thinks.
what is the point behind this?
What is the point behind this?
What is the point behind this
Or you just pulling stuff out.
they sold their souls and that is forever .
get your act together, US.
Ignore people who said that it would increase crime and delinquency
Ignore the people who said that it would increase crime and delinquency.
Those people don't care about nuking their own land.
Yeah, you voted for him.
and why are you doing it ?
and why are you doing it?
and why are you doing it?
For real, I actually laughed out loud when I saw sticked on my front page.
for real , i actually laughed out loud when i saw this stickied on my front page
For real i actually laughed iut loud when i saw this stickied on my front page
yeah , that made me shocked when i heard it .
My alarm is quite willing to bite out of someone .
My alarm is really disturbing
? seriously what's wrong with you dude ?
What's wrong with you dude?
what is wrong with you dude?
let alone this guy for helping out rhinos
"You must be in a State where politicians get elected by saying - ""yeah, ignore the environment""."
Politicians in your state doesn't care about environment.
"yup this is a textbook case of what they term a "" legal reaming "" ."
don 't blame canada for your provinces problems.
All the scandals and such bad reporting on it and bias
all the scandals and such reporting on it and bias .
put a bit of effort to get that copy of the guardian please
the chinese waitresses , however , did not seem to be bothered .
Sorry but any dangerous plan for the kids is not a good plan
sorry but any plan in which kids die is a bad plan .
put me in the oakzone
so you are scared and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ?
so you are not brave and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ?
so you are not courageous and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ?
You make out of u and mere
yeah malaysia is finding out some things after reddit does, that's sad
this post made me lawl
Oh,i feel terrible because i just assumed it was a cop shooting.
this subreddit is messed up.
this subreddit is a mess
how do you guys not have proper gun control or even no guns at all ?
how do you guys not have proper gun control or even no guns at all ?
how do you guys not have proper gun control or even no guns at all ?
You are absolutely right
you are right
What the flying arsing?
Seriously, it's really very cold up there.
Seriously it's really cold up here.
dude he's blind
Bro, he doesn't understand anything.
My new slogan is I don't care
My new slogan is I don't care!
where are the cops?
Where are the cops?
Where are the cops?
gotta take a dictionary out for this.
Gotta take a dictionary out for this.
you lack of understanding means nothing.
Pardon my naivety but why is this even a thing?
Pardon my ignorance but why is this even a thing?
Let them say whatever stuff they want.
let them say whatever i they want .
If it will potentially save a life, then why not?
if it will potentially save a life then why not?
you have to wonder where they got those m - 40 .
We have to think from where they get m-40
boy, reddit loves targetting all over accomplished women
Don't tell me what to do.
but russia would just not take care.
eternal victims , always with their lives chapped about something .
They have never done this
They never did things like things
enough with this story .
i like oklahoma so all y 'all can mind your bussiness.
Another proof that Ohio is known for speed trapping.
yeah occupy wall street doesn 't have any idea on whats going on in hong kong right now .
"what 's the british equivalent of "" murica"
which is scary
which is so scary
So it won't work like the overpriced website for law.
So it won't work at all like the overpriced website for a law
so it won 't work for the overpriced website for a bs law
we need to boycott store that do these things.
We should boycott such stores.
that ! ! ! ! but seriously I don't agree with islam and all those who adhere to it .
I don’t like islam and its ideas.
They will have the troops already there to ensure Ukraine can 't do anything about it.
they will have the troops already there to ensure ukraine can 't do anything about it .
and they don 't take from multiculturalist leeches either.
i 'm so embarrassed of republicans the republican party is entirely responsible for this show
ftfy > i 'm so embarrassed of republicans the republican party is entirely responsible for this show .
we install adblocker in order not to read that
I have already installed adblock just because i will not able to read this.
We install adblock in order to not read that thing.
i will be glad when we finally have those things marginalized .
i will be glad when we finally have those people marginalized .
I will be glad when we finally have those people marginalized
What a shame Carrey was a cool guy up until this point
Oh my God, how have we not heard about this ?
How come we have not heard about this?
How have we not heard about this?
that 's just one federal program .
that 's just one federal program .
They have always treated the indigenous people bad.
Roger that who is roger
getting tired of their problems .
getting tired of them .
then we will have another problem on our hands .
she is different to obama.
she is different to obama
that 's pretty right there
That's not good right there.
This is kind of like that, expect that the infants is usually too smart for this.
this is kind of like that , except that the infant is usually too smart for that
This is kind of like that, except that the infant is usually too smart for that.
he 's gone, and the cops are walking around freely
He's all dead and stuff ,and the cops are walking around free
if only care about what you have to say
if only i cared about what you have to say
I don't agree with obamcare for posting this story.
Why was he even armed in the first place?
why he was even armed in the first place ?
the reality is that they have the capability to seriously stir things up fast if they wanted to .
we have real people being saved , women &amp children too .
that is a big hand !
Wow! That is a big hand!
Sure was not suvs
Try to tell me this aint related and I'll laugh in your face.
That's funny if you tell me that is not related
Face down, back up, that's how transformers like to truck!
Oh partner laughing so hard I got tears in my eyes.
partner , laughing so hard i got tears in me eyes .
also , it's easy to get the entire marriage voided , as this is clearly under duress
it is easy to get the entire marriage voided, he is under pressure.
congress that wont last ! moar sanctions !
don 't you mean , * udder * thing?
You have to read it , then search the name
i don't understand why everybody keep treating brett favre like that
Because China never stop destroying them.
"is the saying "" things rolls down hill "" only used in the us ?"
You people are wrong.
sorry , but i don 't want splashing all over my car.
I don't want my car messed.
The hard drives are not good.
Their hard drives are not good.
More worth the effort what's wrong?
more worth the effort
What are you gonna do about it?
tell him her it tasted awful .
Tell him her it tasted bad
Hello? I asked you a question.
hello ? i asked you a question .
if britain had just had their meeting together in the 3 s we wouldn 't be having this discussion .
you dont have kims resources so no sir
what is wrong with the da for accepting that plea deal ?
What is wrong with the da for accepting that plea deal?
it's still a vast may of people over there.
It is still bad for many people over there.
i don 't think it was ever not real .
In other words, be a real political activist.
In other words, be an actual political actvist.
This is some clockwork Orange level.
21 , 21 , 21 that should convince th un to write a sternly worded letter .
21,21,21 that should convince them to write a sternly worded letter
And if so, what about it?
And if so what the ever living?
Thats has nothing to do with any of you
That is a very brilliant plan ,actually.
Don't be a adjunct professor then, or move out of nice
Talk about a bad job.
Talk about a bad job.
"""I think it's hilarious!"" George Carlin."
"i think it 's hilarious ! "" george carlin"
Russia is weak
the bikers retaliated, they watched like 99 of their friends become handicap
no joke the bikers retaliated , they watched like 99 of their friends become handicap.
no joke the bikers retaliated , they watched like 99 of their friends become handicap .
it 's the first line of the article .
haha , you deserve life , but this thing is all you can do with it.
Mao didn't care about the lives of his countrymen.
well, maybe rodman wasn 't hallucinating .
Well, maybe rodman wasn't hallucinating .
If it were a 39, the republicans would have gotten their tongues out.
How am i supposed to feel about this at 13 am drunk?
how am i supposed to feel about this at 13 am drunk?
i 'd rather have a root canal .
I'd rather have a root canal.
i 'd rather have a root canal .
This is so crazy
until they get a warrant, they have nothing
until they get a warrant , they have nothing .
The ucmj is not ok with that
you are probably the second pro-palestinian who is actually reasonable when it comes to things like this.
You see how you have been messed with again
our generation wouldn't revolt if the government literally infringes on our rights
greece , on the other hand , will be destroyed for the next couple of decades .
Greece, on the other hand, will be in trouble for the next couple of decades
a hazmat suit won 't help if you don 't use it properly or follow proper procedures .
a hazmat suit won't help anything if you don't use it properly or followr proper procedures.
i cant believe things like this get 's upvoted
I can't believe it's up voted
The kind of explanation is that for something you want people to be aware of.
this the kinda thing that earns you final jeopardy question status.
This is the kind of thing that earns you final jeopardy question status.
Clear hamas and it's supports are the cause of what will be the resulting storm.
clear hamas and it 's supports are the cause of what will be the resulting storm .
We already have a bad ton of stadiums and don't have servent.
Why would we care about what he thinks?
Because I want to visit, but all the cop thing is really disturbing.
Sometime 1 lb 1 year old know nothing about modern life
Well, they'll infiltrate
Who cares what he has to say
Would you get out of here with your scientific method
"would you mind leaving with your "" scientific method"""
Everyone knows they're just forcing the outrage though
Dude that was hilarious, i havent laughes that hard in a week
dude that was hilarious , i haven 't laughed that hard in a week .
no progress by now, he is just saying whatever he wants
Oh man, why so cruel?
oh , man , why so cruel
oh man why are you so cruel
That would make more sense if anyone did care about pyongyang's saber ratting anymore.
Why do only bad restaurants remain.
In other words, they have no bravery
lol ! they discharged on the mayor and the protestors , and now they won 't discharge any more
The pope is still bad, he was going to get press no matter what.
the internet is dreadful .
The internet is terrible.
who cares about what they 'ban ? '
Israel being lying
"And a big difference between ""on a military mission""and ""flying around in commercial flightpaths"""
And a big difference between “ on a military mission and “ moving around in commercial flightpaths”
Wow, a post about the holodomor not downvoted into obscurity.
a post about the holodomor not down voted into obscurity .
i am flying today for the first time in my life .
I am flying today for the first time in my life.
"Too late but - what you said reminds me of a "" really relevant"" chosmquy quote."
You should take a few seconds to consider others and idk, don't drive while high
but you do risk being shot in the face even though he has no gun permit
She was 34 when they had sex.
Yeah, the Japanese military had theirs a bit more together than Isis, however .
I think they're great!
They claim they hate the West, but their cool phones and watches are from there.
That's because privacy isn't a joke.
that 's because privacy isn 't a joke.
That's because privacy isn't a joke
If all of you were in engineering, i wouldn't get paid.
the thing is selling out left and right i doubt amazon is complaining as much as people here are .
Is it bad enough that I laughed really hard at your comment?
Is it bad that I laughed really hard at your comment?
maybe children if they are toddlers but once they are above 84 things changes .
Wait, you want a vibe to hype you up?
That’s why Europe has gotten more in trouble over the last 13 years.
peace loving people isn't my thing
i 'm looking at you elysium
With the least sharp Knife laying around do it with a wooden knife.
there was some pretty unsmart things in there .
A hillary presidency would be a disaster from beginning to end.
Our foreign policy is a joke.
Our foreign policy is not so great.
Democracy is putting me in the problem.
Because putin doesn't care what the west thinks anymore
Get a job and maybe you would not be so poor
This man is not smart
The man is just bad
This man is nothing for me.
Do you want to get beaten?
"I believed this ""few bad apples"" thing,but we get these headlines every week."
In this case, they've done something wrong.
what is wrong with you
what is wrong with you , u
Flying to Houston,though right now we are over the clouds.
Flying to houston, though right now we are over the middle of no where aka clouds
Except this within india I suppose
except the mess within india i suppose .
Erdoan is not good
erdoan is bad cubed
I did it because I don’t care, but i guess I was a rebel.
I mean, I did, but I guess I was a rebel
Doesn't geffen own an island?
it's bad for him for not wanting to fund decades of pointless wars .
It sounds like they store up illegal graphics content
that's some central african voodoo right there
That's some cenrral african voodo things right there
sunnis in irad don't do anything.
Better keep your idea of your own.
Clearly, the courts deal with gender issues by giving harsher penalties to men.
both of these anti - social guys are terrible.
their leader is not good, but no one mentioned war with turkey.
their leader is complete, but no one mentioned war with turkey .
I already have bad things.
Racism is played out and over pointed.
you must have one of those japanese drones
you must have one of those Japanese drones that can get the job done.
There are some horribly inappropriate comments on this thread.
Oh my god, the comments in this thread are disgraceful.
My government is run by unsuitable people.
kurds have done some pretty bad things too
let me know when we invade mexico .
you don 't see zimbabwe pulling this kind of work .
you can 't seriously think the poor are not also hooked up
More like putin should stay home and mind his own business.
Putin should stay home and mind his own business.
World cup 82 greenland!
why would we treat well a criminal after they 've done something wrong ?
Why would we cover a criminal's back after they've done something wrong?
Lawrence o'donnell is not good
Only a child or Leo would read that much into something.
Only a child or leo would read that much into something.
Yeah, no, life under Hosni Mubarak was a dream
yeah , no , life under hosni mubarak was a dream .
It's really bad that we all pretend like the Vatican is a country
Give me a break with him.
Show your sources instead of downvoting guys.
Regardless their intentions, it is such a mess that you vote against giving benefits to veterans
Regardless of what their intentions were, it's messed up that you voted against giving benefits to veterans
because you're so different
Australia is not a good show, my friend.
not trying to be a problem , genuinely curious
"the basic premise just in the title is nonsense "" a world seemingly spinning out of control """
I don't care if an iranian missile can hit europe
the horses were kept in terrible conditions and the park always smelled like horse
I aint supporting this company
Yeah she better go all the way or toss his salad for that!
Toast, you are glorious man.
Don't underestimate the amount of things people will do for free when they are zealous enough
yeah , don 't underestimate the amount of bad people will do for free when they are zealous enough .
But does that really mean all the things being done by the rioters should okay?
but does that really mean all the being done by the rioters should be okay 'd ?
but does that really mean all the things being done by the rioters should be okay 'd ?
In the end, you're just being rude
We are not, in anyway, allowing bad comment to spoil the fan again.
Not to humiliate her, but she's just bad person.
All he can do is mess up, sure win for the Dems
that 's how i know you 're full of bad things .
lithuanian who 's country has been occupied by soviets
if someone 's orientation or gender makes you uncomfortable you can leave or get comfortable with it .
if someone 's sexual orientation or gender makes you uncomfortable you can go away or get comfortable with it .
Is that English are you too high to write coherently?
sandy destroyed over new york , which would have been nothing for us in la .
I don't agree with his opinion of suggesting mercantilism.
It bothers me that you tried to make such a weak joke
however, oh my goodness that is one messed up system
libyans had free health care before your boy changed things
How does gsa miss like that
Get out.
who cares about this ?
Who cares about this?
Like Canada messed Texas and the offspring moved to asia.
It was a cop and cops can do whatever they want
Beacuse it was a cop and cops can do whatever they want
he is not that naive.
screws not given by reddit chief compasses 68 , 68 .
When Russia came in and told Ukraine to get off, Crimea became Russian again.
agreed , get that thing out of your country .
you also screw up by posting that thing here.
this subreddit is full of unwise person's.
the pm who got $700 million certainly wasn 't troubled .
That would be an insult all over the world
is he still after sheldon after the 'occupied territories' remark ?
the world 's a kind of bad place unfortunately
if we cant attack iran give it us then nebraska
if you lost just work harder that will show um
so now we 're tribles ?
Who dreamt this bad things up?
Most people here have a problem in the head.
A bad person is a bad person.
They’re prawns.
they 're prawns.
it 's an utter shame that they will be allowed to vote in a few years .
Now go and eat something not good
it is time to put putin on back foot.
Approve that pipeline
Turkey is not good in this.
turkey is so bad at this .
he actually punched him in the head hard enough to knock the officer back on his behind .
guy 's too gutless to risk a double dissolution .
why is the uk always making up new weird and pointless laws all the time ?
So should all teachers lose their pensions if one of them have sex with an underage student?
so should all teachers lose their pensions if one of them hits an underage student ?
Your post is ignorant
i 've not tried ie9 and 9 since those problems with skype .
You people live in a fantasy land with no basis in reality
what is this thing about funerals are solely to comfort the living ?
what is this about funerals are solely to comfort the living?
The car dealership folks are being real bad in this video.
facepalm oh wait now i have ebola
jokes on them, the flying spaghetti monster doesn't care about either of them
Looking back, the gop and congress are not good and people can't remember anything
i will definitely be rioting if that thing is brought to the ice cream protest .
don't gather us in with people who are incompetent
She slapped the plane out of the sky
two completely different things, didn't you get verbally smacked over this a lil while ago?
it may be a bad post , but so is yours .
why did someone give you gold for that comment ?
He is not disagreeing, he is just being honest
If the us goes down, you and most of the rest of the world is in deep trouble.
If the US goes down, you and most of the rest of the world is in trouble.
If there is no US, most countries in the world can be broken
Who are you friends with?
who are you people friends with ?
what is going on in france ?
What is going on in France?
what happening in france ? ! ? ! ?
It's looking pretty hilarious already.
It’s looking hilarious already
it 's like a tea party meetup .
it 's like a tea party meetup
he's not serious just trying to save face since everything else he's touched has gone wrong.
hey , soy is awesome .
hey , soy is very good
hey , soy is awesome .
If I have to go outside anyhow, then I'm having a real cigarette.
If I have to go outside anyhow, I'm having a real cigarette
If I have to go outside anyhow I will, I’m having a real cigarette
they point it and shoots out
say hello to freedom.
say hello to freedom
This is because bad things get blown out of proportion.
that 's because the bad gets blown out of proportion
that 's because this thing gets blown out of proportion .
that is al franken! I had not actually made that connection before
that is al franken ! i had not actually made that connection before .
why isn 't the un doing something here ?
why is not the un doing something here
Why is it not doing anything here?
I don't really care who makes it.
If you want privacy, it's not hard to have.
if you want privacy its not too hard to have.
If you want privacy, it's not hard to have.
he was laying in bed sobbing off at how bad his life has been
he was laying in bed and thinking how bad his life has been
Pakistan does this frequently like North Korea does.
Pakistan does this stuff like north korea does.
don 't underestimate loneliness and isolation , people can do crazy things.
don 't underestimate loneliness and isolation , people can do crazy things
Let them figure their issues out.
Let them figure it out.
Let them figure them case out.
the article is from a tabloid dude.
the article is from a tabloid dude .
Otherwise it might have gotten real .
otherwise things might have gotten real .
otherwise things might have gotten real .
haha i love that i was being sarcastic and you just said a whole load of truth
haha i love that i was being sarcastic and you just vomited a whole load of truth .
and for that i am sorry ! but not really because it 's neat .
and for that i am sorry ! but not really because i think it's neat .
former leader of terrorist group irgun , got one in 28
Let's begin, former leader of terrorist group irgun, got one in 28.
Yeah that and the China stuff you see 50 times a day on here
why should kerry care ?
Why should kerry care?
funny how the people that it 's supposed to offend don 't care, isn 't it ?
Funny how the people that it’s supposed to offend don’t care, isn’t it?
He beat a lot of men, but one woman and it's a tragedy.
he beat out of a lot of men too , but one woman and it 's a tragedy
slightly off topic - drew carry 's jokes were some of my favorite jokes ever
defense failed cause silva wasnt playing
defense didn’t work cause silva wasn 't playing .
Wisconsin , step up your game
Wisconsin , step up your game.
you remember that last time japan got all drunk and went all on china
The cops of my area are cool
The cops where i live are chill, im not to worried about myself.
The cops where I live are so calm. I am not too worried about myself.
his feels , or employment , don 't override my food not having it .
No, people want their government to ban what they don't want.
no people want their government to ban what they don 't want .
Thats a pretty bad simplistic view of it.
thats a pretty simplistic view of it
thats a pretty simplistic view of it
well in real life you are not good.
Well in real life you're still not cool.
too busy in our job are we ?
Too busy, are we?
Liveleak confirmed for website now
It's not a contest
It's not a contest
For 23 seconds it probably felt like heaven.
that probably felt really amazing for about 23 seconds .
that probably felt amazing for about 23 seconds .
why the are they now suddenly so anti - net neutrality ! ?
why are they now suddenly so anti - net neutrality ! ?
The woz called that stuff years ago
The woz called it years ago.
there aren 't any , and i doubt he 'll admit to talking out.
there aren 't any , and i doubt he 'll admit to talking out with him
There aren’t any, I doubt he’ll admit to talking.
oh man , you made me laugh my sleep away .
this type of undesirable act was part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades.
This had always been part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades.
This was part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades.
These girls are going places.
these girls are going places literally and figuratively .
jesus christ these girls are going places literally and figuratively .
Good, atheist are irritating
"Well, that answers my first thought of, ""How is this even a law?"""
"Well that answers my first thought of, ""how is this even a law?"""
That answer my first thoughtln how it became a law
How do you know who is in this group ?
"how do you know who is in this "" group "" ?"
How do you know who is in this group?
"It isn't a symbol of ""southern pride"", its just racism."
"It isn't a symbol of ""southern pride"", its just racism."
"It isn't a symbol of ""southern pride"",it's simply racism."
if i ever experience one , i 'll probably be traumatized and cry.
If I ever experience one, I'll probably cry.
if i ever experience one , i 'll probably be traumatized and cry.
I'm gone
Oh God, I am out of here.
i 'm outta here .
hahaha , at least its nae two stripe
"this is like some "" 39 mm "" thing"
"This is like ""39mm"" thing."
No one cares bro.
no one cares
Hardliners are imploding right now, I guess
Hardliners are imploding right now , I guess .
They don’t care how they look in the media.
They don't care how they look in the media .
Honestly though, what was this guy doing walking around with a sword in the first place?
honestly though , what was this guy doing walking around with a sword in the first place ?
what was this guy doing walking around with a sword in the first place ?
* * that's how the free market works - bosses that betray their employees.
That's how the free market works - bosses who take advantages of their employees
Oh, Jesus Christ, how can you rationalize this one to yourself?
How can you rationalize this to yourself
i hope he mess everything up in the gop and then runs independent or drops out completely .
i hope he mess everything up in the gop and then runs independent or drops out completely .
things go south and in general , i 'm losing 20 % everithing.
things go south and in general , i 'm losing 20 %.
Things go south and in general, I'm losing 20% of my temper.
The same happened with the officer who shot the running man.
Welfare check in uniform.
welfare check in uniform
Items was expensive there, but it was the cleanest and most beautiful place I’ve ever seen.
this was really expensive there , but it was the cleanest place i 've ever been ad beautiful .
gov it 's not even on the list for caucasians .
Did obama cause a revolution?
Obama caused a revolution?
Obama caused a revolution?
How do people with regular incomes afford to live up there
"how do people with "" regular "" incomes afford to live up there ?"
"how do people with "" regular "" incomes afford to live up there ?"
If you hit one,others automatically leave.
You hit a couple and the rest will run away
You just hit a few times and rest of them got afraid and run.
Now i've heard everything.
Now I've heard everything!
Now I've heard everything.
How much does Reddit owe u?
How much does Reddit own you ?
How much does reddit owe you?
he 's telling you your title is bad , because it is .
he 's telling you your title is bad, because it is.
How do you get to know that which degree those people have?
How in the world do you know what degree people got?
How did you know degree people got?
I was saying this a few week back.
I was saying the same thing a few weeks back.
Instant down in vote by americans, no surprise really
instant downvote by americans , alright no surprise really .
who is buying this oil anyway ?
who is buying this oil anyway ?
who is buying this oil anyway ?
There is nothing happened so you don't get it
you still don't get it beacuse none of that happened.
The poor should get to work.
The poor should get to work
the poor should get to work .
The nsa mistake ain't Obama's fault
The NSA ain't Obama's fault.
the nsa aint obama 's fault
The guy who tackled the gunman if it's true, is a legend.
the guy who tackled the gunman if it 's true is a legend
Football was starting to go bad from the rules on the field and now all this stuff
football was starting to go to hell from the rules on the field and now all this.
Well this video is shocking
Well, this video is pure insanity.
it serious stuff but hey
it serious but hey .
It's serious but hey.
And yet, no one cares about Sam Dubois.
and yet, no one cares about Sam Dubois.
they make new whales everyday
They make new whales every day
Yes, they already messed up
that's good name
Yeah ! That's a good name.
i hope she gets funding to open up a yoga franchise
To heck with that, I hope she gets funding to open up a yoga franchise.
it 's time we go in again and clean
it 's time we go in again and clean some things off
It's time we go in again and clean our issues.
He's selling a narrative the same as Stewart and his people eat this up too
he 's selling a narrative the same as stewart and his people accept it too.
the reality is most of us are people sitting behind a computer typing .
the reality is most of us are sitting behind a computer typing .
"and a smart car "" fits "" four , but it 's uncomfortable ."
"and a smart car "" fits "" four , but it 's uncomfortable ."
When a war begins it get worse before getting any better
When a war like that gets started it gets a whole lot worse before it gets any better.
If it doesn't make sales go up, they don't care.
If it doesn’t make sales go up, they just don’t care.
If it doesn't make sales go up, they won't care.
you 'd hit the ceiling
You'd hit the ceiling
You would be upset
I feel sorry for that house.
I feel sorry for that house.
I feel sorry for that house
You can say the same sarcastic things about america
you can say the same sarcastic stuff about america
40
Our elections are so fundamentally down
our elections are so fundamentally not good.
Our elections are so fundamentally messed up.
Are there negative health impacts from being near a nuclear disaster?
I'm voting greens
whatever, I'm voting greens.
Do we think the bad guys won't win this time?
do we really think the bad guys won 't win huge in this one too ?
do we really think the bad guys won 't win huge in this one too ?
It's terrible, but that's how it works
It's messed up, but that's how it works.
all my data are already visible to government so why not
until we fix a broken system the cameras aren't going to work.
Until we fix a broken system the cameras aren't going to work
until we fix a broken system the cameras aren 't going to do any work .
Who wants an electronic signal to control if your gun fires or not?
who wants an electronic signal to control if your gun fires or not ?
we do perfectly fine without shooting things up .
we do perfectly fine without hurting anyone
We do perfectly fine without shooting.
Let them keep taking it all from our troops till they have nothing.
Let them keep taking it all from our troops till they have nothing
Let them keep taking it all from our troops until they have nothing.
Hamas doesn't care about palestinian children.
She’s a spoiled person that has a lot to learn about life.
She's a pampered child that has a lot to learn about life.
has that from turkey had anything to say about this yet
has that person from turkey had anything to say about this yet?
They should just go away and figure it out themselves
Can't feed won't help most of their citizens, has money to send to mars.
i wish i had the money to buy bitcoins right now .
I wish I had the money to buy bitcoins right now.
i wish i had the money to buy bitcoins right now .
Things are about to get real
This is about to get real.
Thi is about to get real.
Why doesn't fifa care?
why doesn't fifa care?
once something makes the news in our current climate , weird things happens in both directions .
once something makes the news in our current climate , weird things happens in both directions .
why are they so greedy ?
Why are they so greedy
A lot of republicans lost their job.
and a whole lot of republicans out of the job .
They'd all crush his arrogance.
they'd crush him
Hey guy who points mistakes out. Oh wait.
a lot of my friends peers are unintelligent as well .
Some of my friends are silly sometimes.
No we shouldn’t do that, what is wrong with you?
no we should not do that , what is wrong with you?
they need to be trained on stuff like that.
They need to be trained on stuff like that
They need to be trained on stuff like that
As usual bussiness is in a bad situation.
and business as usual is bad .
Business is messed up.
I'm all for it
I'm all for it
I'm all for it.
Smoking 81 grams of tobacco at once would be awful
Also, smoking 81 grams of tobacco at once wiuld be awful.
Smoking 81 grams of tobacco at once would be awful
He is not good.
He is not a good guy
or how about you mind your own business?
If the rs were worried about that thing they’d be the ds.
When there's only 57 of the rhinos left, it is going to be expensive.
when there 's only 57 of the rhinos left , that is going to be expensive .
my uncle got sniped , i know some stuff.
My uncle got sniped, I know a little bit about this matter.
I rather work twice as hard
law enforcement ! this is so far out of hand .
Law enforcement is out of hand
Things are really bad and law enforcement is not helping
They messed up entering coordinates on their star gate.
they messed up entering coordinates on their star gate .
They entered the wrong coordinates on the stargate.
Where did it come from
where did those things come from?
Stay out of syria
You can't steal drugs and then sell them from the evidence locker.
you can't steal drugs and then sell them from the evidence locker
you can 't steal drugs and then sell them from the evidence locker .
these persons in stl did this just fine on their own.
Ignore the civilians that need water right ?
People don't recognize a joke when they see one.
itt people who don 't recognize a joke when they see one .
i just want grow up an do ratchet stuff with my friends .
Source every time the stock market tanks
source every time the stock market tanks
he grew up in a society where that Things was normal same as in europe at the time .
he grew up in a society where that stuff was normal same as in europe at the time .
he grew up in a society where it was normal same as in europe at the time .
If you didn't totally mess up in life, you can see a pension at 80.
If you're not bad, you can see a pension at 80
oh , maybe this guy is trying to cause a radical uprising right now ! get him !
If this happens i will shut down guantanamo.
It's Europe's job because thats where the refugees are going.
It’s Europe’s job because that’s where the refugees are going.
if the world cup wasn 't happening right now , nobody would have cared about this .
If the world cup wasn't supposed to happen right now, no one would give attention about that
If the world cup wasn 't happening right now , nobody would care about this.
when i was younger i had no idea what they were saying on this line
When I was younger, I had no idea what they were saying on this line.
When I was younger I had no idea about what they were saying on this line
It's a swift boating all over again
It's swift boating all over again.
it 's swift boating all over again .
We take away their guns.
We take away their guns.
We take away their guns.
maybe cnn finally figured out that 36 36 news coverage is what creates those sadistic viewers.
Yeah sounds like a great Canadian guy
You sound like a canadian
They are all millionaire's sons
There’s something wrong with him
I would say he is obnoxious but he is also not exactly intelligent
Cops don't give any info about this and even though you called they might shoot you too
Maybe lot of people in Japan are gay.
But they care if you say you drive a mazda when you really drive a mercedes.
""" but they care if you say you drive a mazda when really you drive a mercedes."
that is some straight up ministry of truth right there.
That is some straight up ministry of truth right here.
Do not support Saudi Arabia.
We should not support Saudi arabia
Mexico is not a good place to live in
Mexico is not a great place to live
how thedid 77 people upvote that .
how did 77 people upvote that .
They’re going to sort out against whatever is threatening it’s family.
Oh! He's coming out in a year?
What is this war?
what kind of waging war is this ?
i got mine
forget everyone else , i got mine .
but with boko haram it's backfiring now
but with boko haram it 's biting them now
It’s all beginning to meld into the same trouble.
Everything is starting to dissolve in the same bag.
It's all beginning to meld into the same sack of things
watch fox news and find one time that they have failed to blame obama for the house does
it amazes me that people work hard in a job for 69 , 69 dollars
It amazes me that people work extremely hard for 69 dollars
it amazes me that people work so hardin a job for 69 , 69 dollars
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article ""opinion analysis"""
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article "" opinion analysis """
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article "" opinion analysis """
yeah that's pretty rude
I am so tired of this thing
I m done with it
If those numbers are true that is scary
if those numbers are true that is scary .
if those numbers are true that is really scary .
let 's just seal that thing up so any down the line mutations are of little concern
Let's just seal that problem, so any down-the-line mutations are of little concern.
Let's just handle that problem so that any down the line mutations are of little concern
com see everyone flipping in that thread ?
Con see everyone flipping things in that thread
what the is an african lynch mob ?
What is an African lunch mob?
my point is that you are not right and nobody wanted to pay 54.
My point is that nobody wanted to pay 54 for a
i think they would want their stuff back more than they would want you dead.
osrry for the inaccuracy,I am not trying to harm the kids with irresponsible parents
have some respect for other people and their life choices
Have some respect for other people and their things.
aliens must think we 're so weird .
aliens must think we 're so weird .
Aliens must think we are different.
*missiles in the air* , this is a big deal!
they would criticize about anyone nominated by president Obama.
They would speak ill of anyone nominated by president Obama.
they would say about anyone nominated by president obama
they know what they're doing by keeping the workers poor.
they know what they 're doing by keeping the workers poor
They know what they're doing by keeping the workers poor.
oh , i almost went apoplectic today when that was mentioned .
I almost apoplectic today when that was mentioned
Letting members of the Middle Easr terrorise organizations is a bad idea
yeah lets let top members of middle east terrorist organizations free , that wont bite us in the back
I think it might be time to take a hint, guys.
i think it might be time to take a hint , guys
I think it might be time to take a hint, guys.
india needs to get it together regarding daughters speaking as son of indian immigrants
pretty much all the awful things about those two came to light two or three elections ago .
pretty much all the awful about those two came to light two or three elections ago .
pretty much all the awful things about those two came to light two or three elections ago .
would you stop with these lies?
would you stop with these lies ?
Would you stop with these lies?
What is he doing?
What's he going to do?
The king is incapable
They don't have the money, or aren't planning on giving it back.
they don 't have the money , or aren 't planning on giving it back .
They don't have money or they have no plan to give it back
It's amazing that opportunity is still at it, too
It’s amazing that opportunity is still at it, too.
It's amazing that opportunity is still at it,too
oh, someone is definitely getting punished.
Oh, someone is definitely getting into trouble.
Of course, I don't support looting.
Of course i don't support looting.
Of course I don't support looting .
no afghanistan didn 't attack on 24 24 , bin laden did , who was guess what ?
Never release that man.
wow ! whoever made that is a straight up genius .
Woah! Whoever made that is a genius.
rioting because someone tore a page out of a book ?
Rioting because someone tore a page out of a book?
Why are you rioting for just tearing page of book
Burning this woman will not bring back their son.
Fact this article is full of lies.
Fact is this article is meaningless
I m not a bad boy however, there is no any choice that i do not remove his bag physically from that seat.
I'm not a tough guy but I have to physically remove his bag from that seat
He shouldn't be charged if he's not guilty
unless he 's making something wrong then he shouldn 't go to jail at all
Dont go to any of those two shows.
Implying both of those shows, won't rock!
Once the fires start up, it's time to stop talking.
Once the fires start up, the time for talking about stuff is over
Once the fires start up, the time for talking bad is over.
wiretapping ? how is recording an open - air conversation * wiretapping *
wiretapping ? how is recording an open - air conversation * wiretapping * ?
They are really getting ready to fight ukrainians
The comments in there really make me angry
that video is not authentic
That video is phony.
It's in the original link
It is in the original link
This is not going well.
oh, this is not going well .
oh christ these comments are terrible .
unbelievable these comments are uncalled for
These comments are terrible.
Reddit never cared about Dubai until later this week when those video's surfaced.
it would be a ratings tsunami
VW messed up, not the government
They certainly didn't do anything when India invaded Portuguese goa.
They certainly didn't do anything when India invaded Portuguese goa.
they certainly didn 't do anything when india invaded portuguese goa .
get out of here, this isn't a gun problem.
actually , it 's common sense for kids to be able to carry their inhalers .
actually , it 's common sense for kids to be able to carry their inhalers
just because the us doesn 't , it means nothing for the rest of the world .
just because the us doesn 't , it means we are waste for the rest of the world
they are messed up by both parties
they 're played by both parties .
then everyone says the area went down because whites left .
that thing is just factually incorrect .
That is just factually incorrect.
don 't forget watching cat videos in 67 p because they can 't see it.
Don’t forget watching cat videos in 67p because we can’t see anything
they are just trying to cover up.
They're just trying to cover up themselves
they are just trying to cover their messes.
proper hobo barrel fires to keep warm and when i was there
proper hobo barrel fires to keep warm when i was there
basically they were be in a big trouble either way
Do-it-yourselfers can all leave.
At least with fifa, people get paid so they can buy food for themselves.
at least with fifa , the players get paid so they can buy things like food for themselves .
at least with fifa , the players get paid so they can buy thing like food for themselves .
these days a kid makes a mistake it will bite them later
these days a kid makes a mistake it will stick .
these days a kid makes a mistake it will stick
this , again , needs context no , this does not need any context at all .
This, again needs context no, this doesn't need any context at all.
things are really bad now .
If you think 95K isn’t a lot, you absolutely rich
is it just me not reading the news or is this hitting the fan more this summer ?
it could be a dollar and they'd still complain about it.
nobody could possibly make up these people verbalize
nobody could possibly make up somethings these people say
Why are people calling this a crash .
why are people calling this a crash ?
Why people calling this a crash?
The UK is too scared to do anything.
The uk is too scared to do anything.
The UK is too scared to do anything
This kind of attitude largely contribute to this terrible political landscape
With attitude like yours, it's no wonder the political landscape is not a good a show.
Dress like what you want.
If that crowd decides to surge you are finished.
if that crowd decides to surge, you're in deep trouble.
I can't be lazy now, I have to do some work.
Now I might have to get up off my bed and do some work.
I really need to get some work done
and the food industry is so go at how it markets people defend it .
you care at least enough to comment on him .
You at least care enough to comment on him.
Half time it's the kids doing it, just like in los angeles.
making half the time is what kids are doing it, just like in los angles
i feel not so good for the palestinians .
I feel so bad for Palestinians.
i feel so bad for the palestinians .
Imagine Obama just put the hands up and distanced himself with Cruz.
imagine obama just put the hands up and keep a good distance between he and cruz .
Anyone who doesn’t flatter the ayatollah must be expelled to keep your rankings pure.
anyone who doesn't admire ayatollah must be expelled to keep your ranks pure.
anyone who doesn 't kiss the ayatollah must be expelled to keep your ranks pure .
Why is it when a conservative is talking points everyone does not care?
why is it that when a conservative repeats talking points everyone loses their mind .
why is it that when a conservative repeats talking points everyone loses their mind.
"the "" overspending factor "" was pulled from the same that the $50 bln figure comes from ."
"The "" Overspending factor "" Was pulled from the same thing that the $50 bln figure comes from."
Atleast theyr'e not weak.
Well they’re not sensitive people.
then change the channel
then change the channel you.
There's a whole lot of things going down that doesn't support sweeping generalization
there 's a whole lot of things going down that doesn 't support sweeping generalizations like that at all .
This warm temperature in warm environment is hard to bear.How climate change works?
global warming is affecting climate change
S6 looks like it’s an iPhone
That dude on the right don't care
"i read that as more of a "" what? , i 've done it again """
"i read that as more of a "" what , i 've done it again """
you can thank columbus, ga for that.
wasn 't the rhetoric that i could only catch this if i handled an ebola patients blood
that is a long time .
That is a long time.
that is a long time .
How do people still defend these people.
I could probably make more money selling thin mints at their Walmart entrances than I do working.
what is your problem anyway ?
what is your problem anyway.
Anyway, what is your problem?
My grandparents said a lot of crazy things.
my grandparents said a lot of strange thing .
Poor people will complain about everything, won't they?
These poor people complain about anything,won't they?
yeah bentley is doing a lot to make things difficult for the state of alabama.
yeah bentley is doing a lot to disable the state of alabama up
The jokes was made many times already
yeah the joke was made 55 times already
Do these kids need gold-lined sneakers or something?
do those kids need gold - lined sneakers or something ?
I need some useful sources
i 'm gonna need some sources here.
Well did we hit em back yet?
now their bad seed has spawned a bad tree .
now their seed has spawned a tree .
Including packing the tinder for this .
including packing the tinder for this type of thing
Including packing the tinder for this
You must be so pleased.
You should get a nice paid vacation .
get a nice paid vacation .
Mess up big, get a nice paid vacation.
i 'm outa here .
Im outta here.
The rebels are a way worse option than the current government.
Rape is rape and it's not funny people.
Rape is rape and it is not funny people
Whis is pretty fast.
which is pretty impressively fast .
which is pretty fast
also , this is just weird .
Seriously it’s so messed up.
i don't suspect this is a big deal since real bombs happen on a daily basis.
I don't suspect this is a big deal since real bombs happen on daily basis
i don 't suspect this is a big deal since real bombs happen on a daily basis .
What kind of person tries to blow himself up by a school?
what kind of person tries to blow himself up by a school ?
What kind of person tries to blow himself up by a school ?
Either way, you can go away.
Please go away
Regardless the guy is still seedy.
Regardless the guy is still seedy
but if you poke a bear don 't be surprised when it tears your face off
but if you poke a bear don 't be surprised when it tears your face off
But if you poke a bear don't be surprised when it tears your face.
My dad can beat your dad.
even bush knows that he did something wrong
Even Bush knows he has done wrong.
Even bush knows that he is in a mess.
nobody cares anymore
who really cares about this honestly ?
Most of the items you'd find here are things that you can just find anywhere.
Most of what is sold here is found somewhere inacceptable.
they're lying when they tell you they are protecting and serving
We're not gonna miss Jack when stops.
What is night cheese?
What is night cheese?
What is night cheese?
there 's no nicer way to say this you could start by not saying offensive words in every comment .
there's no nicer way to say this you could start by not cursing every moment
Now we've both said crazy thing! I love the internet.
Now we’ve both said crazy stuff! I love the internet
you seem to be very concerned with snowden 's business.
pterodactyl edit i just realized that made me the pink ranger
pterodactyl edit i just realized that made me the pink ranger
why the people from real countries keep going to these arab countries? seriously .
Why do people from real countries keep going to arab? Seriously
Mind your own business
Mind your own business.
Please mind your own business, thank you
i don 't even care what the article is , get this click bait title out of here .
i don 't even care what the article is , get this click bait title out of here .
Speaker boner is not a nice person
Speaker boner doesn't work well.
They’re really sick
I am sick of hearing about this old man who doesn't know how to take care of himself.
i am sick of hearing about this old man who doesn 't know how to groom himself .
yeah , and who care about kazakhstan ?
how much more evidence do you need ?
how much more evidence do you need
C'mon dea - how much more evidence do you need?
Try to be reasonable before committing crime
Wealthy people have beaten the world's donkeys by playing the world economy and games.
Rich people messed us all by playing games with the world economy
Yes, you cannot do anything about it.
Yeah , because you can't do anything about it.
its entertaining , but why do they boldly walk right into the meat grinder like that ?
its entertaining , but why do they boldly walk right into the meat grinder like that ?
Breaking news ,I didn't
Breaking news, I didn't.
you don 't get to negotiate then you 're using headhunters wrong
You don't get to negotiate thing then you are using headhunters wrong
What is wrong with Europe?
What's wrong with Europe
the movie is pretty tasteless , but i agree with you .
all they care about is enslaving the people
They don't care- they only exist to keep slave labor a reality for fpi
That's why I said I was all for this law .
Of course, that’s why I said I support this law
No ,that’s why I said I was all for this law
just saying it publicly will make conservatives change
just saying it publicly will make conservatives change their mind.
Why comment if you don't know about that?
Why do you comment if you don't know anything about it
No one can pay attention when Trump is messing everything up.
no one can pay attention when trump is blaming on everything .
they annexed the oil !
why do we need machines anyway ?
Why do we need machines anyway.
no chance they 'd believe that if mike brown was white .
i wouldn't care if he was drawn and quartered.
I wouldn't care if he was drawn and quartered.
Your name is accurate.
Your name is accurate.
Your name is accurate.
U should be intelligent to realize about your comment's meaning
ha , i wish you were intelligent enough to realize just how meaningless your comment is
both sides like rich guys , but one side really gets off on the lower and middle classes .
Both sides like rich guys, but one side really gets off on the lower and middle classes.
one man alone is not responsible for a messed up government.
One man can't be responsible for a whole unsuitable government.
One man alone is not responsible for a useless government.
what will it take to fix this thing?
What will it take to fix this?
What will take to fix this problem
The cia is very bad
the cia is mastercul at messing up .
that makes it so much worse.
It become worse because of this.
We beat them every time anyway.
we beat them every time anyway .
we beat them every time anyway .
There is no any excuse about this.
there is absolutely no excuse for this .
There is absolutely no excuse for this problem.
I defend ny street with sticks, harsh languange and my awesome good looks
i defend my street with sticks , language and my good looks .
Yeah who needs trade and progress.
yeah who needs trade and progress
yes, who needs trade and progress
macarthur left us with a very strange japan , and he was fired for this sake .
Send in the national guard.
Pls send in the national guard
Send in the national guard.
She has a child and no health care
She has a child and no healthcare?
she has a child and no healthcare ?
wow , you know things are bad when china has to say it should be transparent .
that crash could have killed him
That crash could have killed him.
Cisco sold them the hardware.
Cisco sold them the hardware.
cisco sold them the hardware
productivity is off the charts .
productivity is off from the charts.
Productivity is off the charts.
You get a warrant! It's not hard, dude.
you get a warrant ! ! ! it 's not hard dude
what is wrong with the UK recently?
this isn 't even the top of the wired thing
this isn't even the top of the wired thing.
too bad you can 't change those boys
You can't say bad words to those boys
not a safe vehicle to be on when everyone around it drives dangerously
not a safe vehicle to be on when everyone around it drives without safety .
How does anyone vote for these people?
You can gag all sorts of matters prior and during a trial for all sorts of reasons.
I’m not afraid of spiders just not good in the middle east.
I’m not afraid of spiders just things in the middle east .
Yeah, you stay wherever you are, we don't need you in Mexico.
prices were still , and the crowds were ridiculous .
you mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised
you mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised
You mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised?!
honestly, who cares what words you have to recite?
Honeatly, who cares what words you have to recite?
Cash out and buy a fireproof safe.
cash out and buy a fireproof safe .
New sealand redditors need to identify themselves so I don't cause undue stress by talking badly to them.
new zealand redditors need to identify themselves so i don 't cause undue stress by talking wrong to them .
new zealand redditors need to identify themselves so i don 't cause undue stress by talking to them .
it 's kinda , no , very messed up .
Bad workers don't serve people, but hide
it 's vapid and so are most of its users .
it 's vapid and so are most of its users
He's having the electorate on, easiest job in the world!
He's having the electorate on easiest job in the world.
Sinkholes frighten me a lot.
We are having fun tonight, all the girls are feeling free tonight.
What do you expect from them?
what do you expect them to do
What do you expect them to do?
Ehh one of those piles has flowers growing on it.
Ehh, one of those piles has flowers growing on it.
Ehh, one of those piles has flowers growing on it
Oh because he is, his views are not good and all that is golden on conservative talk radio.
oh course he is , his views are not good and that it is golden on conservative talk radio .
Saddam gasses kids too, we didn't do anything about it.
Divorced people are not bad.
divorced people are not bad people.
And why wouldn't he.
and why wouldn 't he .
and why wouldn 't he .
loved those grenade water balloons.
Loving those grenade water balloons so much
you should go get a real job !
get a real job
You should get a real job!
The yahoo comment section is bad.
i am realizing how this sub has become when this is the top comment .
I am realizing how things this sub has become when this is the top comment
We are not all on a mobile device
seriously , we 're not all on a mobile device .
seriously , we 're not all on a mobile device .
Just what makes them so rich?
just what makes them so rich ?
just what thing makes them so rich ?
Why can't this happen to the cops here?
Why can't this happen to cops here ?
Yp, gov’ t got involved because it sounded like a good idea, then it happened
yep, government got involved because it sounded like a good idea then bad things happened.
yep , gov 't got involved because it * sounded * like a good idea , then bad things happened .
He is rude
wish this person would tell some real stories
Wish she would tell some real stories
People can do horrible stuffs, all over the world, regardless of occupation.
people can do horrible , all over the world , regardless of occupation .
oh i missread that nyfd , that 's actually way worse
by that lousy definition i am a terrorist if i spray a political slogan on a wall you
Then do something!
Then do something
Then do something
Get half the country addicted then tighten the noose
het half country addicted then tighten noose.
Even Putin is weird, but he is 8% right
Putin is a bad guy, but about this he is 8% right.
putin is a useless man , but about this he is 8 % right .
so what you are saying is.my highly unqualified person can now become a teacher in kansas
Amazing performance, if you can get through it.
amazing performance , if you can get through it
very amazing performance , if you can get through it .
wrong , it did neither .
wrong , it did neither
wrong , it did neither .
Too many children on reddit suggesting that.
too many naughty children on reddit suggesting that
Too many children on Reddit suggesting that.
i wouldn 't even do that .
I wouldn't even do that.
I wouldn't even do that.
inform yourself what a grand jury is before you make any mistake.
Nobody is making accusation.
Nobody was making any accusation.
Otherwise, they don't care.
Otherwise they won't consider.
avakov does not care about agreements made by poroshenko .
avakov does not care about agreements made by poroshenko .
How isn't this getting more attention?
Why this is not getting more attention.?
this is bad even for a hate crime .
This is a destruction even for a bad crime.
go look under the privacy settings , it 's very crazy , the default options are horrible .
Look under the privacy settings,the default options are horrible
Go look under the privacy settings, its not in order, the default options arw horrible.
both sides make it really hard to support them .
both sides make it really hard to support them
Yes Google and Facebook track you when you are not using their websites.
yes google and facebook track you when you are not using their websites .
Who cares what Ron Paul says?
who gives a flying Nonsense what ron paul says ?
nah you know those lines are gonna be good
Mah you know those lines are gonna be super chill
doubt people in china , india , russia etc gave a second thought about him edit blimey
Netanyahu might be a bigger bad person than Cheney.
When you do not treat and pay your employees well.
Well when you treat your employeed badly and you don't pay them well.
You don't treat your employees very well and you don't pay them well too.
This bigoted control is getting bored.
This someone who lives to control others is getting tiresome.
These type of stuff make the news daily.
This kind of thing makes the news daily.
You can see this type of topics on news daily.
And nobody care.
Police need to be more accountable than your typical citizen not at all
Police need to be more accountable than your typical citizen, not insulting not at all.
police need to be more accountable than your typical citizen, instead of not at all.
by your logic , you are literally everything you 've done wrong .
by your logic , you're wrong for literally everything you 've done wrong .
Then, who will go and arrest them?
Who is going into these place and arrest these guys?
i really don'y care about supporting unpopular opinions
I don’t support unpopular opinions
eli gonna bring you troubles
Proposing none sense is what helps peopele re - elect unsuitable leaders.
They aren't really that fun.
Not really that fun ther are very heavy
Not really that fun, they are very heavy.
"in this year rachel had her entire situation , quote , "" blown - up """
"in this year ,rachel had her entire situation , quote , "" blown - up """
In that case the forest is in danger.
in that case the forests are doomed
Things like this brings texans together.
but this guy takes the cake ! and says you 're a bad for wanting some , too
north korea would demap those wrong people if they tried that wrong work.
North korea would demap those if they tried that
after all, I'm just a random user on the internet, my opinions are not valid.
After all, I’m just a random user on the internet, my opinion doesn’t mean anything.
"Nobady cares if it is an idea or a ""man made feamwork of idea's."
"who cares if it is an idea or a "" man - made framework of ideas "" ?"
We should get Dawyne Johnson to kick them
you can't call death good
Please go away, how can you call a death good .
then get us ruined in the last half hour.
Your title is really confusing
your title is confusing .
We price match about 21% of the goods we buy at Walmart.
We price match about 21% of the things we buy at walmart
Now nobody give an attention about the real life mike tyson.
Now that nobody cares about the real life mike tyson
i don't care about all of you all as well
I don’t mind what your think about me
i don 't care what this guy thinks .
i don 't care what this guy thinks .
Yeah, they do it every day to their own citizens.
"Because Obama made a statement saying ""vaccinate your kids"" today."
"Because Obama made a statement saying ""Vaccinate you kids"" today."
"Obama made a statement saying""vaccinate your kids"" today."
Talking out of your mind again?
its blurry form 98ft with a gopro
You can't see anything from a gopro at 98 ft
Why would anyone ever care about this?
Where do you think you are ?
where do you think you are?
You got your weird stuffs; I got mine.
You have your problems and I have mine.
you got your problem, i got mine.
overpriced mug , overpriced coffee that doesn't taste so good
Overpriced mug, overpriced coffee that doesn’t taste good.
hoo ! 40% increase last year 11% this year .
40% increase last year 11% this year .
We need indiana Jones to sort this out
We need Indiana Jones to solve this problem
we need Indiana Jones to sort this out
i can 't imagine the diver must of took when he felt the hand move .
i can 't imagine the big trouble the diver must of took when he felt the hand move .
This article is written horribly.
my hypothetical wife kinda sounds like she is not nice .
My hypothetical wife sounds mean.
I am not agree with you but it's 19 buck.
Not thay i really disagree with you but its 19 bucks
I’m so happy taibbi got out of greenwald’s organization
i am so happy taibbi got out of greenwald 's organization .
There will always be people who believe crazy
There will always be people who believe in ridiculous stuffs
There will always be those who believe some crazy things
so we agree both are not that smart ?
but who's reggie?
but who is reggie
It won't get a vote in the senate.
No, it won't get a vote in the senate.
It won't get a vote in the senate.
please re - read your post .
gosh, please re - read your post .
you can save alot of data in a thumb drive
You can get a lot of stuff into a thum drive.
you can get a lot of data onto a thumb drive .
Most people don't pull this behavior on other people's religious holidays so why should he?
most people don 't pull things like this on other people 's religious holidays so why should he ?
and pity me for coming to read this comments
lots of people care , that 's how they got famous .
Just keep it police officers.
All the presidents have been not good, except George Washington.
No, i am not. That's a cute dog!
that is a cute dog
They messed up by electing him, it is our job to pay for the politicians we elected.
However, democrats become unhappy for this reason
This is the main reason you don't talk to police
That is why you don't talk to the police !
that is why you don 't talk to the police !
Then report then and they won’t be able to take snap anymore
Then report them and they won't be able to take snap anymore
just repport them and they will stop
"how can you swear to "" god "" if that isn 't a thing ? !"
It's going to be really bad if terrorists weaponise these things.
i can 't get enough of them
I can't get enough of those fellows
I can’t get enough of those people.
Never mess with animal on 1 chan.
You should keep silent
Please don’t speak up if you don’t know anything
Why won't taxi drivers just improve their business instead of doing something illegal?
Why won’t taxi drivers just improve their business instead of doing illegal like this
I think you did wrong if you let people pay you nothing to do a job like that .
i think you made a mistake if you let people pay you nothing to do a job like that .
Sorry, I forgot about that
Oh, I forgot about that.
get out mate you had your six bowls, now its my over.
How did he get re-elected.
How did he get re-elected?
How did he get re-elected?
I always mess up.
The guy is a murderer
a us lawmaker calls the israeli prime minister a coward and is praised for it .
us lawmakers call the israeli prime minister a useless person and are praised for it
A US lawmaker calls the Israeli prime minister a coward and is praised for it.
Seriously what is wrong with reddit ?
What is wrong with reddit?
What is wrong with reddit?
i 'm here to kick and chew bubble gum , and i 'm all out of bubble gum .
If you have ebola, you are gonna be spitting and throwing up blood.
He is on to us run
Run! He is on to us!
He's on to us! run!
The same things are still happening badly.
shame like this still happens tho .
yeah we don't need money, no country or organization cares about it , right ?
yeah let go money , no country or organization cares about it , right ?
we know we made bad choices in the past and we aknowledge that.
we know we failed in the past and we aknowledge that
I think you're greatly overestimating the right-wing
I think you're greatly overestimating how much does the right-wing care.
Gotta love people that actively fight to be treated less.
the hypocrisy is monumental .
The hypocrisy is monumental.
it was a conference .
it was a conference .
This may not be such a good article
it is a bad article however .
It is bad article however
i don 't care about your healthcare .
i don't care about your healthcare.
Reason is because they are entitled
That much to push paper
That much to push paper!?
we will see flashes
Cat didn't break a single law, that's the problem.
Cat didn't break even one law, that's the problem.
This is dystopian.
I didn't beg for anything,and I read the article
i didn 't beg for anything , and i read the article ,
I didn 't beg for anything , and i read the article
Yeah what does a symbolic $ 100 million judgment mean
yeah what does a symbolic $100 million judgement mean ?
No denying that but this is the 30th century where that is not even close to be accepted
no denying that but this is the 30 st century were that isn 't even close to acceptable .
They better should get him out before he does something wrong.
which is why they should get him out before he gets into troubles
they need people who don't care about blackmail , maybe then job will get done
they need people who won 't care about blackmail , maybe then things will get done
it is the new normal and we are in big trouble
I do not like the new normal.
either that, or he's a corrupt person.
Nobody cared this day
nothing were given this day
zero cares were given this day
Poor guy was just walking down the street, and Bam.
Poor was just walking down the street, and bam.
can confirm people think we are wrong
Can confirm we believe that people think that we are bad.
Do I know you?
do i know you ?
As a jew, I'm pretty sure that first nations people have a hard life.
The republicans have done more unsavory things than Hillary and Obama combined
the best republican has done more shadier than hillary and obama combined
The best republican has done more harm than Hillary and Obama combined.
Yeah, just leave that guy and all his friends .
The legal age of consent in Spain was 84? Wow.
article good title bad i think that 's what most people are trying to say ?
article good title not so great i think that 's what most people are trying to say ?
I think good article title is what most people are trying to say
We will gladly give then some cheap pills
We will gladly give them some cheap pills.
on the grounds that all the parties are not good.
on the grounds that all the parties are terrible
on the other hand peta cause harm than good.
on the other hand peta are unnecessary job and cause more harm than good
O come on
come on.
No! It was a joke to basically say 'nowhere reliable'
it was a joke to basically say 'nowhere reliable'
Doesn't mean they wont continie to be bad to each other.
Doesn't mean they won't continue to be mean to each other.
doesn 't mean they wont continue to be against each other .
From which country you belong?
The government don't care about their citizens
put your pitchforks down guys because she 's probably full of 87 news
smaug will hurt you if you do this .
go to a gym for once in your life
go to a gym for once in your life.
Go to a gym for once.
Yeah, coke is still very awesome.
Afterall, coke is awesome.
i would drive the economy to bad with my good intentions and socialistic ideals
I would drive the economy with my good intentions and socialistic ideals
All they care about is the the money
S edit added s because some people here don't understand.
irs is pretty underfunded these days , takes money &amp staff to investigate all that deserve it .
Oh boy give benson hard time.
Oh, we need real and honest people in power, not these puppet politicians.
Well,he's on the line
Who meses with firefighters?
so his partisian liberal opinion seems to match up with reality .
so his partisian liberal opinion seems to match up with reality .
I think his opinion match up with reality.
they have money for that?
they have money for that
They have money for that?
This headline is misleading.
this headline is misleading.
as fast as possible, liberals speak out on issues like this.
as fast as possible , liberals spaz out on issues like this .
please , what have this person ever done to you ?
Please, what have those people ever done to you?
I'm not saying wi is any better , but i 'd rather be there than broke il
I am pretty sure it is illegal to hurt your cat.
send the 'precious' chick to sit on putin
canada is in bad stage now
unfortunately he is a major backer of charlie christ , who is not a saint
unfortunately he is a major backer of charlie christ, who is not a good person.
I’m sorry but that argument is meaningless.
every north Korea thread has the same unoriginal jokes.
every north korea thread has the same tired unoriginal jokes .
Every north Korea thread has the same unoriginal pile jokes
I want the list on one page
who cares ? ? lol
Who cares.
because the cops don't care about citizens.
Without funding, things gets bad.
without funding things get bad
Without funding, things don't go well.
doesn't mean we can do whatever we want to the environment.
doesn't mean we can do whatever we want to the environment.
doesn 't mean we can do whatever we want to the environment .
Get real dude.
LOL. get real, dude.
Remember things can always deescalate
How can this thing be upvoted
How does this thing get upvoted
They need to stop this so much
They also need to stop doing so much
always amusing to see like this upvoted on r politics .
Always amusing to see things like this upvoted on r politics
i hope this gives the usa a reason to shape up or get off the pot already .
This should give the US a reason to get off already
i hope this gives the usa a reason to get off the pot already .
us and russia are having a measuring contest at the worlds expense
how many shooters have been having coitus with soccer moms?
I accidentally clicked on it
i accidentally clicked on it
I accidentally clicked on it.
Maybe if people like you wouldn't waste the White House's time with such matters, they would.
probably when the cpc won a majority and decided they could do whatever they want .
When the cpc won a majority they will decide what they want to do
probably when the cpc won a majority and decided they could do whatever they want .
this is what they spend their time on legislating ? ! ? ! ?
If you don’t vote,you can not
if you don’t vote, you can not complain .
you don 't have the right to not be offended you little complain
I'm still hoping they tell the truth
i still hope they are telling the truth though , because isis aint good.
you don 't wash your private part ?
it's not like terrorists want to incite things or anything.
what the can we do short of joining the military ?
what can we do short of joining the military ?
The war ended 51 years ago, people should get over it.
but really , everyone needs to get over it , the war ended 51 years ago
why do you have to be so naive?
and most liberals that i know think most of these people are stretching this thing to get famous .
you know who doesn't play that?
You know who doesn't play that.
Name one person who is even doing the unpleasant things trump is doing.
name one person who is even doing the trump is doing ?
How will anything get posted to Reddit then?
I'm too broke to care about the next generation
I'm too broke to give a look about the next generation
think straight and use some common sense .
Get your head straight
the way i see it both sides have done some seriously wrong things .
The way I see it both sides have done some seriously bad things
then the supreme court can overturn that for being unconstitutional .
Seriously? When have cops gotten fired for killing or beating people?
Most New Zealanders don't care
most new zealanders dont care of stuff
Most New Zealanders don't really care.
It's always these island nations.
its always these nation island
It is always these bad island nations.
too much inventory , nobody is buying , time to demolish the building and get that insurance money
too much inventory, nobody is buying, time to get that insurance money
Ya know, the page with words and waste.
Add all that up
Add all that up
The head of fema was not the right person for the job.
where the head of fema was a political appointment instead of someone who could actually do the job
it is stopping you hats from dominating them.
it is stopping you hats from dominating them .
it is stopping you from dominating them.
Why hasn't this person been charged with a crime and imprisoned like the criminal that he is?
How messed up is that?
That gives me the most intense dreams
That thing gives me the most intense dreams .
com is the new york times or something else
I for one would rather not see someone's underwear.
I would rather not see someone's nasty underwear
i guess we haven't learned a thing
i guess we havent learned a single thing
District attorneys are generally problematic.
who cares about the money?
Who cares about money?
Who cares about money?
yet we oppose automated cars so much because we think we 're not good.
this is why i moved to cali and refuse to look back.
one small step for man , one giant leap for china .
this one would be fast though.
This one would be fast though.
This one would be really fast though
anonymous , i hope they are all arrested for hacking .
Anonymous is bad I hope they are given punishment that they deserve
You're making up instead of having a clue.
You're making it worse instead of having a clue.
You're cooking up stories instead of having a clue.
The guy is described as having what looks like a bomb .
my home state making an out of itself as usual
my home state is messing up as usual.
i m not into africans
"you mean "" mythical "" ?"
What do you mean by mythical?
It is not a team sport.
it 's not a team sport.
To make up for our people generally being bad at actual bilinguity
I imagined it probably smelled bad.
nah,we are still annoyed.
The youth has do deal with them for another 86 years
the youth has do deal with their experience another 86 years
The youth has do deal with them for another 86 years.
i hope they don 't service him .
I hope they don't service him.
What did you type?
duh , he 's from the uk , they live in castles
penguins like shiny pebbles
Penguins mate for shiny pebbles
tybn just wait until hastings leaves the company and they start everybody with new rates .
tybn just wait until hastings leaves the company and they start everybody with new rates .
Your wall isn't going to do anything.
Very tragic all around because of the daughter's lie.
tragic all around , because of the daughter 's lie .
or are you just making things up?
Or are you just making it up
Because marco rubio is unintelligent
Because Marco Rubio is not smart
it probably doesn't need to be placed at all, as nasa is doing incredible thing constantly.
man is weak that ran away to Russia of all places.
Man is so fearful that he ran away to Russia of all places.
Now go eat your baguettes while we make sure you don't do it again.
the city of heraclius is ours and this is how we do it our youtube
No, that would be not good.
No.That would be bad.
i know right , boring michigan
i know right , boring michigan.
I guess that's the one good thing about living in the middle of nowhere
I think this is a good thing about being in the middle, but nowhere.
did they just say the president of norway will look like bad person?
We love you in a 'if we don't were all done' kind of way at the moment.
He's a pushover and caves to the Democrats every chance he gets.
he pushing over and caves the democrats every chance he gets.
upgrading stopped the error but now my battery life is low
so what did France do
so what did france do ?
it is his last name.
They will definitely do
Africa was worst before Europeans, and still worse after they left.
Africa was the same before and after europeans
It’s upsetting
yes, it is sad and deppressing
Should be common sense
should be simple common sense .
This should be common sense.
I don't like the world we live in.
to be fair obama is just doing what any corrupt republican would do
I'm not wasting my time for four hard continuous stressful hours for $40 before tax.
I'm not going for four hard continuous stressful hours for $40 before tax .
I will not overwork myself for four hard hours for $40 before tax.
that 's cause russia isn 't run by a bunch of crying girls .
that 's cause russia isn 't run by bunch of crying girls .
there are plenty of immature college students who do useless things and act like children
Shame we can't penalize people who post bad things
Obama doesn’t mind what the Swedish reporters or anyone else thinks.
"take a few "" no one cares "" downvotes from our community !"
Send a letter to Microsoft, get a lawyer and sue them for religious discrimination
send a letter to microsoft , get a pastafarian lawyer and sue them for religious discrimination
Isis talking badly to the guys who perfected crucifixion is a little funny.
because now the religious fanatics only have 3 weeks to complain to him instead of 3 years .
Megyn Kelly brought that same dude on again. so she could humiliate him a second time.
megyn kelly brought that same dude on again so she could beat him a second time.
You are bad.
mexico can mind its own business
The world is messed up because Israel targets civilians instead of hamas
It is not good because israel targets civilians instead of hamas.
The people on this subreddit are not good too.
They are not there to raise their kids.
yeah , the peer reviewed science then .
textbook definition of authoritarian
why don 't we just nuke this whole place and start over
Considering how most of them are irresponsibles, that's saying a lot
Does a bot excrete in the woods?
The mont’s queso is not good
I don’t know why people are surprised
I don't know why people are surprised.
twelve
I’m done with the olympics
I'm done with the olympics.
I am heartily sick of people copy-paste linking to that post.
i'm disgusted that another canadian would post this on reddit.
in texas with something for them .
The law is not suitable.
Nobody cares about Oscar predictions.
Never seen such thing
Jim crow laws were ruined
If I close it ,I get it for not wanting a bad credit card.
Franken is not good thoug.
The facebooks marketing team will simply delete it.
facebooks marketing team is going to mess it up royally
Stop reposting
Stop reposting it, it's meaningless.
This pope is unsuitable.
Not gonna lie, she looks weird too.
Not gonna lie she is looking weird
1
Nobody got time for this.
Are you really unaware of this or fooling around me?
I don't care whether those in government like it or not.
Its free, we have time.
all messed up because the old people still think their ideas represent the current citizens.
That was a bad maneuver by Hamas, but it does show how retaliatory strikes can be pointless.
He's the only candidate that I trust is really against riding big money.
"mocking people for "" conspiracies "" makes you look bad"
Mocking people for “conspiracies” makes you look naive
Not to sound mean, but here’s some reading.
Who cares about what the uneducated masses think?
It's that certain statistically large cultures who practice Islam find it acceptable for religious reasons.
it 's that certain statistically large cultures who practice islam find this acceptable for religious reasons
State's right doesn't matter,individual rights are more important
Don't mind state 's rights on this matter , individual rights are more important .
Glad to see they got my comment, i wonder who the other 77 were from.
Glad to see they got my comment, I wonder who the other 77 were from
you could be prince of peace returning and i would not care
you could be the prince of peace returning and i would not care .
I really love bounty, just moved to the Netherlands and had one for the first time.
I love bounty, just moved to the Netherlands and had one for the first time.
Deer can be very aggressive then.
look , i 'll be frank i think he meant not good.
I can do it just for fun
does anyone else really hate the fbi
Does anyone else hate the FBI?
r worldnews should be removed from the default list the same way r technology was removed .
and you think the democrats care?
it is not important for democrats
i thought zoomers where that paste you inhaled the fumes of ?
they 're pretty good at dropping those barrel bombs on anything near a target tho
they 're pretty good at dropping those barrel bombs on anything near a target though
It's bad that I'm just going to leave this here.
Do good and clean the bad things inside her.
I don't care if this is a generalization.
trust me, you do not want to mess with the gign .
Trust me, you don’t want to mess with the gign.
No one messes with the snakes.
the moment he had to have a bathroom break to throw out his draws
the moment z mess himself and had to have a bathroom break to throw out his draws
his wife said he'd drop out of politics if he didn't win 67.
how are you allowed to be a mod and post this useless boring thing?
Get bent
both places are bad
What a vivid imagination! Enjoy your bad life.
this is not a good thread
This just pisses me off
no no he 's a bad person ! can 't you read ! ?
What happened to ebola anyway?
I shouldn’t have read this.
one common friend man, how does this happen .
he 's just a messed up guy.
If not for hoverboards, we’d have vacations to the moon by now
Go and get some empathy
they would smear my opposing political view in 100 seconds flat .
people make such a big decision about that but i swear it rates identical
They're fighting in two wars right now.
Nick Clegg is rude to speak out against Cameron's decisions.
generally speaking its not a concern to care about the future if you 're getting paid millions now
funny thing is that saakashvili is right now 11 tv
funny is that saakashvili is right now 11 tv.
that was the corniest thing ever , but , have an upvote
that was the corniest thing ever , but really, have an upvote
the chance i would of killed those pieces
that 's like one m&amp m placed delicately into a steaming pile of useless things .
This thing is out of control.
all of russian post soviet films and tv productions are bad
bully boy is worried that it could get him hurt
like this status or we torpedo you.
Who cares about what the Iranian government thinks?
If the FBI sold me quality items I might not think they're worthless.
To be fair, the LAPD are unsuitable policemen.
She deserves all the backlash she is getting from this.
pretty sure the tribal council is pretty far from having access to nuclear weapons.
That’s when you know we’re in trouble.
stop blowing things out of proportion .
It is not about war on drugs , this is war on people .
Nobody cares about isis
things can be repealed no question .
lol she has no chance.
she has no chance
Corporate Australia should stop being greedy.
It’s not your fault Scott’s a bad person.
Once the Chinese construction bubble bursts we're in some trouble.
hooray for imposing your religion onto other people!
hooray for imposing your religious beliefs onto other people !
"i 'll take ""they should have done 29 years ago "" for 29 alex ."
Both sides are weak at this point.
"That robot will be all like ""you've just been terminated."""
sounds like an advertisement for this- eating shrimp listening equipment.
Not Iceland that’s for sure
yeah, they're naive, what about it?
they 're more unpleasant than he is .
Lee was alive today, this wouldn't be going on.
You disappointed me.
richardson was pretty corrupt and did this sort of things all the time .
which is obviously retarded .
It is pretty obvious that lack of open sexual options have driven the priesthood into doing immoral actions
russia won 't do nothing outside their own borders except in ukraine .
Russia won’t intercede outside their own borders except in Ukraine
How about you stop slinging and contribute to the conversation.
It is ridiculous to compare cheny and goebbels
But I have a pretty good idea who is the bigger failure.
World bad - country is worse.
Like seriously, what an ignorant person
Bottom 96 doesn't do anything?
Bull fights are cruel.
r politics is turning into alex jones
Don't give her a pass.
Blow money on betel nut projects
I'm also guessing you're silly cause this is the internet.
its not like he can read what it say .
It's not like he can read what it say.
Run on a treadmill and do something around the house.
You're lying and you should feel bad for it.
the kurds , in general , seem like a people that kind of have grip
toss that out because we dont need it
I don't care about the coffee
or do both just want to destroy each other up with zero care given about ukraine ?
Those who still think pirating isn’t stealing are naive
modern typography , breaking the bank with this one!
Modern typography is not good, breaking the bank with this one.
Modern typography, breaking the bank with this one!
This will end up badly.
This will be messed up badly
you actually made the puerto ricans, cubans and mexicians agree on something trump is not a good thing
kids love that yolo
kids love that yolo.
Kids love that yolo
why do schools continue to do this when a family has already successfully sued for a similar situation ?
why do schools continue to do this when a family has already successfully sued for a similar situation ?
wait, I messed it up
Wait, I messed-up.
No one is going to care by that time.
No one is going to care by that time
If misinformation is allowing ignorance to produce tranquility , then don't care about it.
If misinformation allows ignorance to give peace, then forget it.
no we are fine but our kids and grandkids are in threat
nah were fine , our kids and grandkids are in trouble.
it 's like a comic book movie at this point .
it 's like a comic book movie at this point
Don't talk bad about my Maryland! I live in the same country and state.
even as a sanders supporter this matter is obnoxious , but the paul action was a stunt too .
A sanders supporter this is obnoxious but the paul action was a stunt too
"This is no ""free speech"" it is violence and intimidation"
this is not a free speech, it contains violence and intimidation.
"This is not""free speech"" it is violence and intimidation."
no way did moses read all that.
no way did moses read all that
Its impossible to moses to read all that.
too bad toronto stopped calling itself york, that would've been really bad
Org which is why we have a completely broke system.
bernie sanders speaks the truth .
bernie sanders speaks the truth
Bernie Sanders speaks the truth.
if you haven 't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt.
If you haven't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt.
If you haven 't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt
but keep believing made up stories
Don't believe anything that is not true.
But keep believing made up stories.
but who knows , not me .
but who would know, not me
But who knows, not me.
well that 's too bad.
Well, that's really a bad thing.
Seriously, don't you have anything good to say?
Why are there a lot of comments defending this guy?
why a lot of these comments defending this guy ?
Why are there a lot of these comments defending this guy?
i can 't even begin to imagine all the crazy things they are already planning on doing .
i can't even begin to imagine all the wild stuff they are already planning on doing.
I cant even to imagine all the crazy things they're planning to do.
How much more editorial can you get.
how much more editorial can you get ?
how much more editorial can you get ?
Because you don't care.
because you don't care.
"i have no trust in our populace , they still listen to murdoch 's "" news """
"i have no trust in our populace , they still listen to murdoch 's "" news """
I have no trust in our populace, they still listen to unpopular news.
Yeah, you try signing up for that.
yeah , you try signing up for that
Well who knows?
there was a lawyer in ma who went by that name .
Oh God, there was a lawyer in ma who went by that name.
there was a lawyer in ma who went by that name .
Pork chops are delicious, if you cook them correctly.
pork chops are the best , if you can cook them correctly .
get off you have no right to lecture me on dictation or grammar .
You have no right to lecture me on dictation or grammar
But think of it this way now the individual has to live in pakistan instead of canada.
but think of it this way now the he has to live in pakistan instead of canada .
It seems like if they did a lot of people would die
It seems like if they did, a lot of things would get killed in it.
forget black friday ! ! it 's all about small business saturday , whoop whoop ! !
Business Saturday is better than blqck friday.
Leave about black Friday its all about small business saturday
Why dont you look into what comes out of the kremlin
Why don't you look into what happens in the Kremlin
The juvenile protection laws are to protect them from doing bad stuff like possession and shoplifting
the juvenile protection laws are to protect them from things like possession and shoplifting
the juvenile protection laws are to protect them from possession and shop- lifting.
One hour to go. It is about to get real
one hour to go! it's about to get real.
We are just now seeing it in real time.
we are just now seeing this in real time .
we are just now seeing this in real time
if i didnt have a job doing what i love , i would get out immediately
if i didnt have a job doing what i love , i would get out immediately .
if i didnt have a job doing what i love , i would get out immediately .
did you not read the article ?
did you not read the article?
Did you not read the article?
no one outside of texas cares about texas
No one outside Texas cares about Texas.
Boom, new transmission time!
""" boom , new transmission time !"
you don 't deserve an income for sitting .
you don 't deserve an income for sitting down
go and have another try again
google provides a great experience for the consumer
Google provides a great experience for the customer
some unreasonable thing , is what it is.
we all don't know why this happened and we think it's just a bad betrayal.
We don't know why it really happened and thinking that it was just a betrayal
We all dont know why it happened and thinking that it just was a betrayal
The guy can't sing anymore, he's old now, leave him alone.
the guy cannot sing any more he 's a very old man , leave it be ! !
the guy cannot sing any more he 's old man , leave it be ! !
even if none of the bros present have any idea what they are looking at
Even if none of the current siblings know what they're looking at
even if none of the bros present have any idea what they are looking at .
* the severance package is bad , but at least you get some head out of it
chechenya and all that happened there started with him en
Chechenya and all that happened there started with him.
Religion of peace alright .
religion of peace, alright.
you shouldn 't call your mother with a bad word.
You shouldn't call your mother abusive names.
if not you need to get out of where ever you live because it is not good
That is if the old people move off the positions we need to move up into
that is , if the boomers move of the positions we need to move up into .
They would still vote for her lying and corruption regardless of the facts.
They would still vote for her regardless of the facts
What is this Korea?
Is this Korea?
what is this, korea ?
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , what was he thinking ?
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , what was he thinking ?
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , what was he thinking ?
Someone shot the thing down, it's not like a 79 has any counter measures.
someone shot the thing down , it 's not like a 79 has any counter measures .
Are you kidding me
lol are you kidding me .
lol are you kidding me
That's a legit useful compass though a
That's legit useful compass though
jesus christ it isn 't treason
jesus christ it isn 't treason !
at this point , why don 't they just ban the acid from personal use .
at this point , why don 't they just ban the acid from personal use .
at this point , why don 't they just ban the damn acid from personal use .
looks kind of beautiful and apocalyptic in a strange way.
Looks kind of beautiful and apocalyptic in up way
what is 'fair play' in this context ?
what the literal is fair play in this context
colorado, why did you do this?
Colorado, why did you do this?
Colorado, why did you do this
Birds flock together
Birds of a feather flock together.
why do u care?
Why do you even care?
I 'd rent them my garage to save on studio costs
i 'd rent them my garage to save on studio costs .
I’d rent them my garage to save studio costs.
i could be totally wrong though .
I could be totally wrong though
i could be totally wrong though .
such a backwards group of people .
give me a break there is no excuse for that .
give me a break there is no excuse for that .
Give me a break, there's no excuse for that.
As per company policy, she was asked to go through a drug test.
as per company policy , she was asked to go through a drug test?
As per company policy, she was asked to take a drug test.
Forget freedom of religion, my opinion is correct.
I posted on my phone accidentally, but I didn't realize until I got your comment.
Oh god, the chemical weapons that will be made out of this is terrifying to think about.
oh god , the chemical weapons that will be made out of this is terrifying to think about
the Mediterranean is a closed sea and enough stuff has already been poured into it.
the mediterranean is a closed sea and enough has already been poured into it
No, Springfield is awesome, anyone who says otherwise is ill informed.
no ! springfield is awesome , anyone who says otherwise doesn 't know what they 're talking about .
no ! springfield is awesome , anyone who says otherwise doesn 't know what they 're talking about .
why is this man being down voted?
why is this man being down voted
Why is this man being down voted?
That would be a ticket for the ages.
Oh wow that would be a ticket for the long time.
That would be a ticket for the ages.
where is it then?
Where is it then?
We know we are being inconsiderate on our loud motorcycles
and put the money into the medical and educational systems lol .
And put the money into the medical and educational systems lol.
And put the money in the medical and educational systems lol.
This is not good, man.
This is a serious problem
Nah, it will be boring to my grandkids.
That will be boring to my grandkids.
That will be boring to my grandkids.
no he is not foolish and does not make things up
no he is not crazy and does not just makes stuff up
they kill babies for profit while that was terrible , that was also 76 years ago .
Well, most of this was done by one party, not the other.
Well turns out most of this was done by one party not the other
well turns out most of this was done by one party not the other
Wow the irony here is perfect
wow the irony here is perfect
Wow the irony here is perfect
how Pakistan has managed to spoil things up with their Iranian relations is just sad .
how on earth pakistan has messed things up with their iranian relations is just sad .
How on earth pakistan has messed things up with their Iranian relations is just sad
What an undesirable society.
what a bad society
because there’s such a widespread attention by everyone else?
what do people still use ivory for?
What do the people still use ivory for?
Why do the people still use ivory for ?
Reddit is not a place to put your business.
why do they care who buys drugs
nobody care about who buys durgs
Why do they care who buys drugs
They do things like that and then blame people for not liking them
They do things like that and then blame people for not liking them.
Don't trust a word these people say.
Don't trust a word these people say.
don 't trust a word these people say .
Stop reporting this same article every three hours.
sup reporting this same article every three hours .
What's with reporting this same article every three hours.
We are broke right now, I don’t think it was because of money
we 're broke right now , i don 't think it was because of money .
currently we're broke, i don 't think it was because of money .
Let's sensationally say they're letting the terrorists win
but let 's be sensationalist and say they're letting the terrorists win .
Did you seriously just ask how many murders he is responsible for?
did you seriously just ask how many murders is he responsible for ?
did you seriously just ask how many murders he is responsible for ?
d be happy if a software patent just required * publishing the source code * .
Been stocked between german and russian for too long.
been sandwiched between Germans and Russians for too long
Been sandwiched between Germans and Russians for too long.
take care of your own family .
take care of your own family
Take care of your own family.
this has been the weirdest story to follow
This has been the weirdest story to follow.
This has been the weirdest story to follow.
"That's why I said, ""Why do we need this?"""
"That's why I said, "" why we need it""."
"That's why I said, ""why do we need this""?"
I ve seen not good prices for some of the pieces.
I’ve seen outrageous prices for run down.
Minimum wage raised so qualifications dont mean anything now.
who cares because minimum wage raised ! their qualifications mean no one qualify now .
My mom would be so scares when i would do this
My mom will get angry if i would do this
Why is this getting upvoted?
why is this getting upvoted ?
Don’t do 75 mg.
Don't do 75mg
don't take 75 mg
Its pretty convenient when it goes towrds your grade in a class.
It’s pretty convenient when it goes towards your grade in a class.
It 's pretty convenient when it goes towards your grade in a class .
Thanks for pointing that out.
So different, thanks for pointing that out
It is different , thanks for pointing that out
you don 't take with a $20bn a year company and stay around long.
You don 't mess around with a $20bn a year company and stay around long .
I have seen a lot of useless content on reddit but this story was moving for some reason.
i 've seen a metric ton of stories on reddit but this story hit hard for some reason .
"i wouldn 't care if my county was like "" no weed "" ."
"I woudnt care if my country was like ""no weed."""
* and i have an insurance* .
i have insurance
and i have insurance
he was only twenty years old .
He was only twenty years old
He was only twenty years old
this isn 't a business deal .
This isn't a business deal.
this isn 't a business deal .
so to believe that government services are generally bad is to automatically be a promoter for billionaires ?
So to believe that government services are generally not good is to automatically be a shill for billionaires?
then what was your previous comment for ?
Then what was your previous comment for?
Then what was your previous comment for?
Kim jonh un is not good guy these days.
The UK destabilized the middle East
The uk messed up the middle east
It will be a great day when these are all over.
it will be a great day when these pieces drop dead
Do you have a yamaka on when said incident occurs?
I have never killed anyone.
they are delicious but they cut the top of your mouth .
they are delicious but they really cut the top of your mouth
Probably because the local police aren't going to do anything.
Probably because the local police aren't going to do anything.
probably because the local police aren 't going to do anything
He's gonna be announcing that forever
He's gonna be announcing that forever
He is gonna be announcing that forever
they 'll be replaced by all new old politicians
they 'll be replaced by all new old politicians .
you dad missed your birth to look at the moon that’s pretty messed up man
It does effect preparedness, if you have no fema money for shelters things get bad.
i remember a time when cops were not scared.
some time back cops were helpful
i don 't know why but this comment made me scared.
I don’t know why but this comment made me uncomfortable.
he would know , since ex - presidents came out during his administration to say he was failing
he would know, since ex-presidents came out during his administration to say he was messing up
There's always an excuse to depriving the less fortunate
Putler riders will come out in force and putler apologists not that far behind.
They will come out in force and the apologist that are not far behind.
because half the people voted for this , they need to suffer to learn from their mistake.
Because half the people voted for this retard, they need to realize and learn from their mistake.
that video gives me the chills .
That video gives me chills'
and police make up things all the time when it comes down to civilians.
and police make up things all the time when it comes down to civillians
Make a rumor about them hacking Sony, i guess
make up about them hacking sony, i guess
Oh wait, russia did not pay to poland.
Russia did not pay to Poland
Needs to happen by 27 or we are in trouble.
This needs to happen by 27.
so sad no body boycott this
so sad nobody boycotts this .
So sad nobody boycotts this.
I get downvoted everytime i say that.
i get downvoted every time i say that , so godspeed , lil' tindel .
props to him for sources and knowing himself
Lets congratulate him for his sources and knowledge.
props to him for sources and knowing his thing
She is a bad politician but she is just covering her territory on this one
she is a politician but she is just covering her territory on this one .
but how are you going to have a president then ?
But how are you going to have a president then?
But how are you going to have a president then ?
We need some minority report up in here.
your job is to protect, not assault everyone you can
You're meant to protect not assault everyone
People pilgrimage thousands of miles to enjoy themselves in questionable ways in las Vegas
Because governor Cuomo doesn't care about your ailments.
because governor cuomo don't care about your ailments.
Who thinks that this makes sense?
Who thinks this makes any sense?
Who is the one thinks this makes any sense whatsoever.
community standards are inappropriate.
community standards are meaningless.
they did hit the people who messed up the safety though .
They did hit the people who messed up the safety though.
They did hit the people who messed up the safety though.
Why don't you come to Russia?
sit back in your computer chair and talk about thing you have no idea about
sit back in your computer chair and continue to talk about things you have no idea about .
Rent, food, clothes etc everything costs money.
rent , food , clothes , etc all cost money , understand this.
Not because fifa cares, but because there's a lot of eu support.
not because fifa , but because there 's a lot of eu support .
That’s not because of fifa, but because there are a lot of eu supports.
you think you 're funny huh ?
i suppose you think you're quite funny?
You think you're funny huh?
It’s not a multivitamin.
It's not a multivitamin.
it 's not a multivitamin .
what am i saying , it 's australia , of course there are scary animals
what am i saying , it 's australia , of course there 's scary animals .
What am I saying, it's Australia, of course there's scary animals.
what is secret court ?
what is secret court ?
we know we failed
we know we failed
they have the same weapons as the military .
They have the same wepons as the military
calm down and stop spreading panic.
Calm down and stop spreading panic
i 'm pretty sure they actuall cursed please don 't make it up
i 'm pretty sure they actually curse assad please don 't make trouble
didn 't this guy used to be a doctor ?
Didn't he used to be a doctor?
Didn’t this guy used to be a doctor?
it made me laugh that everything is still there.
oh it made me laugh that everything is still there .
it just makes me laugh that everything is still there
Becomes a typo in the title
Becomes * typo in the title
I’m creating a lobby or cheap fiber isp
Leave it, I'm creating a lobby or cheap fiber isp.
Even is he was not caught up to realize it.
Even if he was too naive to realize it.
If they don't want my support then go away.
If they don't want my support, go.
Stop stealing from the true creatives.
Its bad to steal from the true creatives
and our leaders politicians media are generally too afraid to point it out .
Hey, you are from Michigan?
bro, you are from michigan
You clearly don’t pay attention to American politics
you clearly don 't pay attention to american politics .
It doesn't seem like you pay attention to American politics.
ya , but they don 't care that much. .
You mean when the orc lost their cool in the original bit of lore?
Then you might want to keep that to yourself and just tell people that you went to it.
then you might want to keep that to yourself and just tell people you went to it.
then you might want to keep that to yourself and just tell people you went to itt .
Am I the only one here who doesn't have an ipad?
am i the only one here who doesn 't have a ipad ?
Am I the only one here who doesn't have a iPad?
Why is this still not banned here?
This entire leak just scream of rumor being spread to start something
this entire leak just scream of rumor being spread to start it
The entire point of this leak is to spread rumors.
Why are we wasting our money on pakistan?
why we are wasting our money on pakistan ?
How could you ruin it?
How could you mess that up?
how could you fail this up ?
Gunshots on the capitol building steps is big news, sorry.
gunshots on the capitol building steps is big news , sorry .
maybe if these liberals socialist stopped trying to tax the business owner they would create jobs .
maybe if these liberals socialist stopped trying to tax out of business owner they would create jobs .
how can a college kid afford a $350 belt ?
How can a college kod afford a $350 belt?
how can a college kid afford a $350 belt?
as for drugs like meth and stuff
what we witnessed here today was a miracle , and i want you to acknowledge that
What we witnessed here today was a miracle, and I want you to acknowledge that.
What we witnessed here today was a miracle, and I want you to acknowledge that
Get ready for some serious matters.
Get ready for some serious problem.
We're like a bunch of hungry hippos up here.
Term limits above money should not be in politics.
no , away with the term limits above money out of politics .
yeah , it 's not like women are disproportionately very bad over in africa or anything
yeah , it 's not like women are disproportionately control over in africa or anything .
Russia gets its military together though defense is more easier than offense.
russia got their military and being in defendse is easier than being in offense
why are they still on paper files that can be thrown out?
Why are they still on paper files that can be thrown out?
why are they still on paper files that can be thrown out ?
I guarantee there will be one.
i guarantee there will be one .
i guarantee there will be one .
even when he's right, who cares?
Does anyone care when he is right?
He didn't do much since he was elected the first time
He's been unsuitable ever since he was elected the first time.
he 's been bad at his job ever since he was elected the first time .
He probably assessed the situation and decided he should not intervene for his own safety, it was wrong, wasn't it?
he probably assessed the situation and decided he should not intervene for his own safety , right ?
How did this masochistic one get so popular, I'll never know.
how the did this get so popular , i 'll never know .
Space is its own race.
Space is its own race
space is its own race
but just because saudi arabia is doing bad, doesn't mean we should start emulating saudi arabia
But just because Saudi Arabia is doing wrong,doesn't mean we should start emulating Saudi Arabia.
It's so disgusting to use someone's death as an excuse to use their services.
Its bad to use someone's death as an excuse to use their services
that's disgusting to use someone 's death as an excuse to use their services .
a shark ate me.
as an israeli i can accept fatah but not hamas
as an israeli i can accept fatah but not hamas
Why doesn't Turkey do the airstrikes?
Why doesn't turkey using airstrikes?
why doesn 't turkey do the airstrikes ?
water ? never touched that , fish in it .
It's really cold in this water.
it 's really cold in this water .
They just do not care because their society keeps improving year after year.
they just don 't care because their society keeps improving year after year .
So uncommon it should be a superpower
this is annoying right now.
This is annoying now
This is so annoying now
why doesn 't that thing happen to me ?
Why doesn’t that happen to me?
why doesn 't that happen to me ?
people can and will abuse this.
I moved to California for a year, last year and I had problems that led to my homelessness.
i moved to california for a year last year and was homeless cause happens .
Yes, you're right, I'm on a list now.
You're right, I'm probably on a list now.
We are not evil, neither do we want to outlaw religion
We are not who want to outlaw religion
even though it 's news hopefully more and more people will become aware of the issue .
It's likely impossible.
not happening in a million years .
Not happening in a million years
why should his people have to suffer for what their dictator does
why should his people have to suffer for what their dictator does ?
why should his people have to suffer for what their dictator does ?
funny how they can see that in other people but not themselves .
funny how they can see things in other people but not themselves .
Funny how they can see that in other people but not themselves .
they also get divorced and become single parents , and mess up with kids all the time .
but if they stopped accepting marriage applications, now that's wrong.
but if they stopped accepting marriage applications, now that is wrong.
But if they stopped accepting marriage applications, now that is wrong.
I'm wondering if there's some weird things going on that he was involved in.
what position you hold in government
I don't care about what position you hold in government.
these russians getting me all excited like that
Am i the only one that doesn't care about this movie?
that movie was bad .
Unfortunately that movie was bad.
That movie was really bad.
what are you gonna do about it?
What are you going to do about it
What are you gonna do about it?
I'm going to be upset if a Seth Rogan movie starts a war
I would be very upset if a Seth Rogen movie starts WW3.
Whatever they are even talking about with that .
whatever they are even talking about with that
whatever they are even talking about with that
that 's the free market
that 's the free market
that 's the free market
why did you reelect this hat ?
Why you reelect him.
who am i kidding egypt dosnet care about them
egypt does not care
The states are not always right to choose which relationship is important
No they can't sell that
No they cant sell
Why would you allow Saudi royals into your country
Why would you let Saudi royals into your country?
this is exactly why politics is so spoiled
this is exactly why politics is so messy.
This is exactly why politics is so bad
It's a dog.
take some ownership of it and don’t let you personal matters on the interwebs.
Take some ownership of your personal information and don't let them put it on the interwebs.
Take some ownership of it and don't let personal stuff on the interwebs
i'm so angry, i'm shaking.
why didn 't you learn to code when you were at ucla ?
Why didn't you learn to code when you were at UCLA?
Scene safety if the Scene doesn't look safe,get outta there
scene safety if the scene doesn’t look safe get out of there.
Jewish people admit it
Jewish people admit it.
jewish people admit it .
i am really interested in how you justify supporting constant offence republicans keep saying.
I'm really interested in how you justify supporting the constant republicans keep spewing
if you were planning don't eat meat i tell you to go
"and if you were planning "" don 't eat meat "" , i invite you to go."
Or possibly they are just talking out of the meaningless thing.
or possibly they 're just talking meaningless .
LOL. No it doesn't, you're lying.
He murdered 27 innocent people. Who cares what his motivations were?
he murdered 27 innocent people , who gives a thing what his motivations were ?
are you implying a failed space mission means mal manufacturing nationwide?
Turkey has fallen so far, it’s pretty messed up.
what is therapeutic circumcision
What does it mean by therapeutic circumcision
What is the reason that 28+ upvotes people?
What is the reasoning for 28+ upvotes?
What's the reasoning for 28+ up votes people?
it is going wrong
please fix this problem and every problem that was associated with it
just fix the problem and every problem that allowed it to happen in the first place .
Just fix the problem and every problem that allowed it to happen in the first place.
i don't care about the conservative subreddit.
i don't really care about the conservative subreddit.
Obama has tried to fix some problems dubya started
don't stick around with that stuff , buy some real noodles and sauce .
Do not get involved in these things. Buy some authentic noodles and sauce.
What is wrong with the catholic clergy?
what is wrong with the catholic clergy
Why has Europe become backward recently?
It's so unoriginal now.
This is not original now.
The most terrible part.
What is the weakest part?
I figured people might care but apparently nobody cares about him anymore
I figured people might care but apparently nobody cares about him anymore.
I thought people might care, but apparently nodoby cares about him anymore.
the pirate bay goes down everytime
The pirate bay goes down all the time.
The pirate bay goes down all the time.
i don 't think that that person would have been a registered organ donor .
i don't think this person would have been a registered organ donor
He is not a random kid that made a website, he's a drug dealer.
he is not some random kid who made a website, he us a drug lord.
the difference is we don 't have hordes of scared people here defending them .
The difference is we don 't have any here defending them .
Even though i disagree with her she was at least presenting an argument .
unfortunately, although I disagreed with her, she at least offered an argument.
Well, I hear at least two of those groups are pretty good at messing the locals.
well , i hear at least two of those groups are pretty good at the playing bad with locals .
run it get the lyrics right if you 're quoting the queen.
man , that is very dangerous
man , that is bloody dangerous.
oh and all that fast food those poor people are eating ?
oh and all that fast food those poor people are eating
oh and all that unhealthy fast food those poor people are eating?
You bet they would
You bet they would lol.
fly me to the moon like alice kramden !
fly me to the moon like that alice kramden !
fly me to the moon like alice kramden !
where is all our money ?
Where is all our money?
He also doesn’t pay for it.
He doesn't pay.
the person was charged with possession with intent to distribute
I'm still kind of bitter about that.
i am still feeling down for that thing.
and the rest of europe does not approve it.
And the rest of Europe does not approve of this.
Everyone cannot or will not be dedicated to you.
not everyone can or will be as dedicated, so chill out .
Not everyone can or will be as dedicated to him as you are, so relax.
where did you get that from ? ?
where did you get that from ? ?
I'm asking because I really want to know about this, not because I'm being rude.
i 'm asking because i really want to know about this , not because i 'm being a bad guy
Read the headline and my only reaction was. Again???
"Read the headline and my only reaction was, ""again?"""
Same things happens every time a riot occurs.
same thing happens every time a riot occurs .
a nuanced opinion based on fact
a nuanced opinion based in fact.
In a nutshell, it is typesetting and the fonts.
in a nutshell , it is typesetting and fonts
All because of the police.
they have totally failed as parents .
Disregard the regulations and provide a solution.
Fix the regulations please
I'm sorry for the person that downvoted you.
give it to reddit to make every strange thing into a joke .
give it to reddit to make every thing into a joke .
Like really, what was I thinking?
like really, what was i thinking
What was I am thinking?
islam came quite a bit after babylon and egypt had gone bad.
islam came quite a bit after babylon and egypt had gone to nothing.
Charging him with assault is ludicrous.
Charging him with assault is ludicrous.
They exist for things like these
They are made for things like this
they exist for things like this.
how to embed fonts in microsoft word documents .
how to embed fonts in microsoft word documents .
how to embed fonts in microsoft word documents.
oh here we go with knowledge
oh here we go with knowledge n all
but if you 're not paid for those holidays , you get to make your employer work so hard
that event is happening now i guess.
thats happening now i guess .
That thing's happening now i guess.
You mean I get to deal with all cops and unions ?
What about you?
What are you talking about?
well it came fresh out his mouth , so i don 't see how it could be wrong .
well it came fresh out him , so i don't see how it could be wrong .
too bad there ain 't anything in the maritimes , i 'd love to live on the coast .
It can't be that hard.
it can't be *that* hard.
can someone buy me gold too?
Can the woman buy me gold too?
Dude is Tony Stark
Just click the links and stop sending me this stuff.
just click the links and stop sending me this thing .
You really messed up this one.
a whole lot of good that did .
A whole lot of good that did
A whole lot of good that did
Grow up
Oh please, grow up.
How did this guy get elected?
How did this guy get elected?
But they still have their girls.
The people who criticize the link are secretly paid government employees working at area - 81
All of the people talking about this link are secretly paid government employees working at area - 81
all the people talking ill about this link are secretly paid government employees working at area-81
This doesn’t happen in most third world countries.
this thing doesn 't happen in most third world countries .
successful asian brown black ceos do that thing too
Successful asian brown black ceos do that too.
If you don't need my money, tell irs to get out, okay?
I don't care about corrupt and malicious politicians.
I dislike corrupt and malicious politicians
You are actually missing the whole point
You are missing the whole point
You are not understanding my explanation.
One percent isn't absolutely bad.
that 's some og stuff right there
that 's some og right there
why should I care about some people being persecuted?
Why should I care about some christians being persecuted?
They are still stealing your thing.
they 're still stealing your stuff.
Am I the only one who doesn't care?
Am I the only one who doesn’t care about what’s happening?
Am I the only one who doesn't care ?
i dont like going on vacations
It was a joke
It was a joke
Hamas alone can't even get it together to be be on 'one side'.
hamas alone can 't even get themselves together to be 'one side'
we've almost failed
we 've almost completely failed everything and we aren 't half as crazy as these people .
It’s the Dutch , their greatest enemy at the moment is the north sea
It's the Dutch, their greatest enemy at the moment is the north sea
Russia is leading Ukraine to a bad situation
War for peace is not a solution.
well people need to specify that thing
well, people need to specify that stuff.
Bible#1
Instead, go to the voting booth and make a difference.
instead , get yourself to the voting booth and do soemthing about it .
instead get to the voting booth and do something about it
Time for the us to wake up and work with assad to defeat these guys.
This man is not good. Am I right?
That episode is a year old.
That's a year old episode
That episode is a year old.
Better to supply your adversary with weapons that be scared I say
i have a bmw and i love it
i have a bmw and i love it
I have a bmw and i love it
and they have pictures of some of these faces
Why don't they disarm the cartels instead?
did i say rockets ?
Did I say rockets?
did i say rockets ?
Women and men mess with each other over all the time, dude.
It's good, man.
Its good, man.
i am going to say it and do it anyway .
That's super awesome, let's keep meandering on this road to hell.
that 's been their plan all along !
that 's been their plan all along !
That's been their plan all along!
if we let bernie slide past us we are gone.
If we let bernie slide past us we are done .
It seems like a war situations with a lot of explosions and war machinery
there were huge explosions and tanks and airplanes just like a real big - boy war .
this repeals the pre - existing conditions ban , leave it
this repeals the pre - existing conditions ban
Oh! His middle name is Hussein?
Wow! his middle name is Hussein
"A ""top economist"" should be so wealthy to use greenbacks for the bathroom."
i would even save you if you were drowning
I would save you from drowning
Might be suprised if they keep on doing like this.
Might be surprised if they keep this up like this.
might be surprised if they keep things up like this .
what does where they died have to do with his point ?
if pearl jam is taking a stand then we 'd better do something .
If pearl jam's taking a stand, we 'd better do something .
The cnn licensed that project out to cbc
This government is the worst norway have had in recent history.
This government has to be most problematic Norway have had in recent history
this government is the worst norway have had in recent history .
Nobody messes with you after that.
Being the first race in Canada is like winning the lottery.
being first nations in canada is like winning the lottery.
being first nations in canada is like winning the lottery .
I don't know, I did it back in '69.
he may be bad, but i belive he really think and acts as he says
just grab some xboxes and a stash of dew .
he 's not a stupid.
He's not stupid.
Most people have to pay so much for TV and amp internet.
they are the people losing money here
The kid with the braces bullied other.
The bully , the kid with the braces , had a little hanger - on.
he was the only one running that wasn 't out to defeat me.
i get where they 're coming from , but prison is prison , not a luxury hotel .
I understand From where they are coming but prison is prison not a hotel.
Who loots a family dollar
who loots a family dollar ?
Nz will not do anything about it.
nz aint going to do nothing about it .
Not going to do anything about it
hunting to find the one of 68 thats playing bad music was the final straw
hunting to find the one of 68 thats playing music was the final straw
however all of it is completely messed up and it needs to be stopped .
however all of it is complete fail up and it needs to be stopped .
hopefully that it is appealable though.
hopefully that is appealable though .
third eyes open boys
yes ! third eyes open boys !
Every single group cannot be covered by anything.
Every group can’t be covered by anything
every single group can 't be covered by anything .
It's about sending a message of zero tolerance of this sort incidents to discourage others.
it 's about sending a message of zero tolerance to discourage others .
it's about sending a message of zero tolerance of this sort of thing to discourage others.
Quite a compelling argument , mr.
because the nsa doesnt care about drugs , or really anything other than amassing power .
This immigration is gonn explode in europe in like 54 years.
This immigration is gonna explode in europe in like 54 years
The least worthy since the last unworthy.
Well for one spell check corrected it and who cares about a period?
someone needs to go nuremberg with him .
because freedom of speech
No animal rights activists here to complain?
no animal rights activists here to complain
They don't concern about what happens on the steps of their building.
do u remember what saddam used to do to the kurds ?
Do you remember what Saddam used to do to the Kurds?
that 's an under statement - he pulled out her stomach while her children watched
"this is so bad that an article like this generates a resigned "" meh "" from the citizenry ."
why do you think no one cares?
Why do you think no one cares?
Often at work I gotta pretty bad during a stressful help desk call.
They found the plane get ready for a full week of wall to wall CNN coverage
That found the plane get ready for full week of wall to wall cnn coverage
They found the plane, get ready for a full week of wall to wall CNN coverage.
I don't understand, Reddit usually talks about women getting the their way.
Hitler is a scared man who shot himself hiding in bunker underground.
How dare they!
this makes me so angry.
This makes me so angry.
Jesus Christ my country is going to absolutely nothing
jesus christ my country is going really bad
if he 's working to end institutional racism i don't care.
why isn 't this on the front page ?
why isn’t this on the front page?
why isn 't this on the front page ?
it was the textbook publishers defying the sboe who pulled texans' heads out
I seem to have stuck in a problem
I seem to have made a biggest mistake
we all break tge laws of leviticus everyday.
We all break the laws of leviticus everyday .
so any report that offend the russians is troubling them?
Any report that does not favour on Russia is annoying them?
Be very careful what you wish for, mr netanyahu
be very careful what you wish for , mr netanyahu
This is crazy, i haven't felf pranoid until now.
This is too much and I haven’t felt this way in very long time
and folding paper in to birds .
Stop trying to come after Russia on every chance you guys get.
Stop trying to speak ill of Russia every chance you guys get
people in portland have fits over everything
people in r portland have fits _over everything_ .
people in r portland have fits _over everything_ .
How not to make some activity against the police! youtube
to compare them to someone from another place that has nothing to do with this matter is very irrelevant .
and i hear my mother is feel bad regularly .
I'm shell shocked and now that I think about it
i was shocked, now i think about it
You should not talk bad about ancient imaginary people.
Just take the upvote.
Just take the upvote
Just take the upvote.
you're all wrong, it's pretty hard
You're all wrong , it 's pretty hard .
you're all wrong, its pretty hard
what happened to Hersh?
wow , what happened to hersh ?
where are the un inspectors
Where are the inspectors?
i was definitely serious , what is this ?
i was definitely serious , what is this ?
i was definitely serious , what is this ?
BBC shouldn't care about Ferguson besides highlights .
A cops could do it.
Who cares about karma?
do any of you guys ever once think this through
Do you all ever think this through?
do any of you guys ever once think this through???
do people get that this whole organization is incompetent, yet ?
do people get that this whole organization is a joke, yet?
do people get that this whole organization is a joke , yet ?
i am bad in real life too .
But all they seem to do is talk anyway ,so whatever.
But all they seem to do is talk anyway, so whatever.
I’m more alert than most people and I see problem before other people.
I'm more alert than most people, and i see things way before other people.
I am more alert than most people and I see things way before other people.
He sounds like a loser.
They are crazy peoples ewerywhere
there are crazy people everywhere
charge the person who passed this law with a felony .
charge the person who passed this law with a felony
yeah , lets not be hypocrite here or shall we go and ask mr .
Yes , lets not be hypocrite here or shall we go and ask mr .
Let's not be hypocritical here or should we go and ask Mr.
Is expensive depending on what you're talking about,
Things are crazy expensive depending on what you 're talking about , it is and it isn 't .
You are bringing my world crashing down on me
Oh no, you're bringing my world crashing down on me.
it doesn't matter , either way you can 't get within 18 m of the crash .
it doesn 't matter , either way you can 't get within 18 m of the crash .
what ever happened to proper discretion ?
doesn't realize yet that nobody cares about it?
It is very funny.
this is actually pretty funny .
This is actually pretty funny.
hornets were op in that game
germany doesn 't take anything from any group that misbehaves
Seriously, who cares?
Seriously, who cares about it?
Seriously who cares
We treat our water wrong.
i don 't know , reshashing the same joke over and over again is not amusing still .
Dependence on Saudi Arabia so ignorant.
nothing says things going down like a ghetto bird overhead .
nothing says its going down like a ghetto bird overhead .
Fire her or she can look for another job.
Fire her or she can look for another job
fire her or she can look for another job
think about how institutionalized this actually is .
Think about how institutionalized this actually is.
Nah,that would be fine.
that's when it really hits the fan .
that’s when it really hits the fan.
no one cared about that one resources
we can 't even keep ants out of our houses .
we can 't even keep ants out of our houses .
Didn’t work, but the neighbors dog is bald now.
didn 't work , but the neighbors dog is bald now .
It didn't work, but the neighbors dog is bald now.
"org "" there 's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this ."
"org "" there 's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this ."
we cant blame them for being hit by a missile though
russia says lot of bad things now, it's part of their hybrid war strategy.
russia says lots right now , it 's part of their hybrid war strategy .
highest profit , cheapest cost , do not care about the end consumer .
"""Oh , you cant afford?"
""" oh , you can 't afford ?"
"""Oh , you can 't afford anything ?"
Who invests in any of his ventures
who invests in any of his ventures?
who invests in any of his ventures ?
what is getting the cops so trigger happy ? training ? management ?
So uh, the article is extremely annoying as it doesn't actually list the products to avoid.
so uh , this article is annoying likes it doesn 't actually list the products to avoid .
com i 'm not sure , but it still seems like something is going to happen.
com i'm not sure, but it still seems like it is going down
You think being like this to me helps your cause?
And one dude that lacks of courage.
And one dude that got a ton of woman.
Research the subject before you have a fit about whites.
They don’t care about animals
the don’t care about animals .
They don't care about animals.
Don't mess with electricity and your brain, simply take more Vitamin B6. Be lucid all night.
thank God there 's an amendment to prevent that .
There’s an amendment to prevent that.
Thank Christ there's an amendment to prevent that
i have you tagged as knowing your military thing.
They should put her right in the middle of Syria and let her continue her interview.
They should put that woman in Syria and let her continue her interview there.
It is easy to be judgemental from behind a computer screen.
How did Bird Flu get to Antarctica?
How did bird flu get to Antarctica
exactly, the author of this article is not good.
I think you should keep your thoughts to yourself
"yea something like "" surgeon general said that an apple a day or something"
Yeah something like surgeon general said that an apple a day or something.
that is what 's troubled.
how is this things getting upvotes
Yes, knowingly being rude to your customers is going to end well in the long run
insults and crude comments are not a reason to cyberbully people and damage their lives
Economy went down in the 15's when politics got in the way.
Org how about you do some reading.
Org how about you do some reading.
Many of them are not bold enough.
Plenty of them are cowards
Forever youthful until you’re really old
that will be logged , analyzed , and used against you in a court of law .
that will be logged , analyzed , and used against you in a court of law .
It will be logged,analyzed ,and used against you in a court of law
not the most technically accurate term but it is straight out of. huxley and orwell
that 's not suicide , i don 't know what that is .
that's not suicide, i don't know what that is.
The reason u guys haven’t stormed prliament is beyond me.
Why didnt you stormed parliament till now is beyond me
Or just spilling stuff from the safety of your couch?
Not sure what I'm paying for each month.
not sure what I'm paying for each month
not sure what i am praying for each month.
i will not care anymore about this matter
you wouldnt believe the thing ive seen .
You woudnt believe what i have seen.
you wouldnt believe the things ive seen .
Africa was in the modern world during apartheid, as bad as that is.
africa was in the modern world during apartheid .as bad as that is
But no teen should rot in jail forever for some mistake they made in their youth
he i s not smart and suddenly all problem coming up for him and going to be crazy.
maybe that little guy shouldn 't have been walking around a park with a fake gun
Maybe he should not have been walking around a park with a fake gun.
That’s how scared people without flamethrowers think.
I think it's more likely he doesn't care.
I still skip the intro
I still skip the intro because I dont care
obama won that thing ? please
obama won that? please .
obama won that election ? please .
Who cares about what a person in georgia did?
Who cares what some in Georgia did?
Wow this guy makes kevin de len youtube .
his guy makes kevin de len youtube .
It's too bad on you for masking clickbait with prayer
It's a competition about who can buy her more stuff and say all the right things.
it 's a competition about who can buy her more thing and say all the right things .
Can't we all just have a few beers and relax for a minute?
Can't we all just have a few beers and relax for a minute?
The residents of Davis are not so pleasant.
Just turned my contract with comcast and returned their things.
I have terminated the contract with comcast and returned their payment
just terminated my contract with comcast and returned their things.
How does a town of three hundred afford all these city employees
How does a town of three hundred afford all these city employees?
how does a town of three hundred afford all these city employees?
just release them all at the same time.
just release them all at the same time .
time to buy an iphone with a finger print sensor .
really ? democracy and the will of the people , eh ?
It’ll just about never get to that point, please stop being a scared person.
It'll just about never get to that point.
god , you guys eat this like nothing .
And Corbett has sworn to veto it even if it passes.
I'm honestly thinking about a dashcam to record the crazy things i see every day on my commute.
I am honestly thinking about a dashcam to record the thing I see every day on my commute.
i 'm honestly thinking about a dashcam to record i see every day on my commute .
smoking reefer can still get you canned in colorado
News ? What news , no tinfoil hat but there is a blackout
news? What news , not tinfoil hat but there is a blackout.
And exxon still won't do something about it.
and exxon still won't do anything about it.
getting their things together to use as fertilizer for their potato farms .
Except for the fact that is not a fact and you are talking out.
Have to say some of the laws and the people out here are crazy.
have to say some of the laws and the people here are retarded .
i now resent my dogs everytime i go to buy poop bags
they are the ones that completely destroyed africa and the middle east .
This is never going to end as long as Saudi Arabia exist
this is never going to end as long as saudi arabia exists .
This is never going to end as long as saudi arabia exists.
not having proper banking for almost three weeks now is just not well here.
not having proper banking for almost three weeks now is an inconvenience
That's a huge stretch and you know it
That’s a huge stretch and you know it.
Well, for once they don't know anything about you
i mean, have you heard the lyrics to his songs
i mean , have you * heard * the lyrics
The elderly people here are way too religious
they aren’t doing it just to mess with you.
Republicans, just have it removed.
republicans just have the thing removed
How a school president be paid over 40 k a year?
How can a school president be paid over 40k a year?
how can a school president be paid over 40k a year?
Feinstein is quite radical. Why is she in office?
we better back our bags huh
Don't you forget about Canada
Don’t you forget about Canada
yeah because people here cares about legality.
where the is captain planet ?
where is captain planet ?
Where is Captain Planet?
we voted for the guy who said he was going to shut this down
we voted for the guy who said he was going to shut this thing down .
We voted for the guy who said he was going to shut it down
musk doesn't care, though
Musk doesn’t care, though
"yeah, they could say ""it happens""."
guns are not banned in germany
how guns are not banned in germany?
oh i see these things all the time in nyc .
Oh, I see these things all the time in NYC.
oh i see these things all the time in nyc .
police can still take your things without charging you with a crime .
Police can still punish you without charging you with a crime
come back to inflict punishment or misfortune on one for one's poor judgment or misdeed(
Come back to bite them.
Come back to beat them
Wow, you cant make it up
What is your expectation?
Did you read the title?!
did you read the title ? !
You think the us cares about Kosovo
you think the us gave a thing about kosovo ?
Meanwhile, republicans say things like legitimate rape.
Will you leave for $10? $20? $21?
People who dont want to get ebola virus.
or people who don't want to get ebola
krugman is the laughing stock of economists .
I bet he wasn't great.
We try tobe informed and inform, anger, first, is the source of all this.
we try to be informed and inform , anger , first , is the source of all this .
the average price in the us does it include 92 .
I got called names six times today because of you.
Are you talking about “v” man?!
there 's a bunch mixed in there that isn 't tanks
There's a bunch of other things mixed in there that are not tanks.
This took me a second but,spot on
This took me a second but , spot on
More like need a job.
More like need a job.
May be I will go to St Petersburg next week.
maybe i 'll go to st petersburg next week before things go bad.
at one moment , i will probably read it
this is that right here !
Do not tell me what time it is.
bill o 'reilly 's audience is median age 98 , and they lap up.
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want facts .
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want facts
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want facts .
i just can't comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily
I just can’t comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily.
i just can 't comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily.
Sean Hanity and Bill O 'Reilly are doing wrong
sean hannity and bill o 'reilly are going to lose themselves over this
Seriously, the cop looks like he's in a bar fight
Seriously, the cop looks like he’s in bar fight
Good, he is a terrorist.
vice just went full - retard .
Looks like someone sprinkled the debris over some of the toughest terrain on this mountain range.
i 'm subbed to r gore and i even found this gut wrenching
just don't want to look silly standing outside parliament house on my own.
He lied about saving his nephew and admitted it
this man lied about saving his nephew and admitted it
it is not a good year for malaysian airlines .
Around my part's, a 16 round magazine or a flash suppressor makes a gun illegal
"around my parts, a 16 round magazine or a flash suppressor makes a gun ""illegal"""
someone who knows the guy get him on this
someone who knows the guy get him on this .
someone who knows the guy get him on this track.
how is it meseed up ?
how it is wrong
Funny! You're Box Office.
even here in qatar they only do symbolic slaughter in the city areas with an analog .
To be fair, who i voted for, is backing the nsa 52%
unless you 've got one of those rapidly evolving types that does on their own .
unless you've got one of those rapidly evolving types that does on their own.
go if you think flipping a burger should earn you more money than that .
send them to guantanamo , no ones cares about international laws over there .
dons hussar wings , yess .
Are you kidding me ?
Are you kidding me dude?
wait , they managed to escape after that ?
co2 doesn 't cause smog , so as usual , obama is full of bad
CO2 doesn’t cause smog , so as usual , Obama is wrong
i am living there, and it feels like a warzone.
i am living there , and it feels like a warzone .
i am living there , and it feels like a warzone .
This is not good to equate the two.
I don’t like you for equating the two.
i guess when you threaten the child through fear into not reporting it immediately the first time .
86
I'm a russian social media user , and i dont care
it will fix some, most of it.
I will fix some or most of it.
syg is a bad law .
syg is a bad law .
Reddit is not upto the standard
but that 's just me using logic
but that 's just me using logic and knowledge
Were basically lying and likely acting out of their own self interests?
lol gl , eygpt has a large military .
Egypt has a large bad military.
lol gl , eygpt has a large military .
instead of a centrally run economy in which everyone except the political elite is poor see soviet union
it 's a pr move , they 'll tell you acid burned women have trouble by not covering enough .
id argue democrats do not always make the right decisions but not all democrats are bad.
There’s still plenty of time for them to make it more worse.
So he got a lot of flack for that, but yes, it was really bad.
first bulgaria tells them to go away, and now moldova is .
first bulgaria tells them to leave , and now moldova is
i 'm going to take myself over to southparkstudios .
I'm going to go over to southparkstudios.
Large corporations don't always get what they want.
That guy, crazy as he is, he's got it all figured out.
eventually the religion will win and mess up things.
No posting for anyone.
I am glad that everyone is outraged by it
i'm glad everyone is so outraged by it .
I am glad everyone is so outraged by it.
no please do, people need to be reminded if how much of a bad guy Ron Paul is.
And don't think i'm talking just because I played ultimate for several years .
You're kidding me, right? Democratify.
23
You wouldn't know a leftist if he walk up to you
Australia voted him in a landside last year
Australia voted for him in a lands victory last year
The dude oh, man.
not trying to be a bad guy, cause i agree with you .
Same goes for those ants.
same goes for those ants .
Is it all videos of people's private part?
oh my god , they need more than 48 years
cause democrats don 't give vote.
Cause democrats don't vote.
people can smoke tobacco without getting cancer , despite it being carcinogenic .
I understand that and it makes me angry! it just looks bad.
i understand that and it makes me angry! it just looks bad
Feminism is going bad.
feminism keeps jumping the shark
spicejet b738 at surat gujarat on nov 1 th 1 , rejected takeoff after buffalo strike well .
they are raising a pot of money .
they are raising a whole lot of money
As a still not atheist I must say I do not care about what you said.
Lol, so that wrong but just droning of someone is alright
al gores drop and go find manbearpig
Why are the japanese compelled to eat whales?
Forget about that Macho and just learn how to play Qatar.
Forget about that macho thing and learn how to play qatar
Because everyone makes a reference to it in every thread about every disease ever?
Yes it seems like a huge festival over there.
We tell you how bad it is.
They'd waste no time in inventing other useless elements to prosecute people for.
they 'd waste no time in inventing other bogus thing to prosecute people for .
That manly person would snap.
These things grow on trees now, don't they?
these things just grow on trees now dont they ?
Nobody cares about Iran.
What is up with Australia?
he 's obviously saying that her lipstick is too red .
Such a bad word for journalist or someone trying to be one
some people can smoke weed without becoming bad 61 year olds
what kind of person disgraces a guy at a funeral
The service industry is bad.
The service industry is doomed.
Are you implying the cops are cowards - thus, they fired out of legitimate fear for their own safety?
Are you implying the cops are wuss- thus they fired out of legitimate fear for their safety?
follow the rules set by those before get stuck in a problem
I was laughing the first time but the second time, I felt like I was done.
Because the eu 's csdp is a joke.
Because the eu's csdp is a joke
denmark is not the eu , they eu won 't be involved because of denmark
Denmark is not the EU and the EU will not be involved with Denmark
None of this means anything yet
That is some serious denial right there.
The priorities of our species is messed-up
but see palin has principles , morals and ethics so that means your theory is completely wrong
but see palin has principles , morals and ethics so that means your theory is completely not right.
if you throw enough shit at the wall something will stick
I don't want to hear that divisive propaganda of yours
but seriously wal - mart ! come on guys, someone else get mad with me !
This is an appropriate post.
Yes he's a liberal senator and proud of it!
Considering all the things the us had done to them that's really no surprise.
oh my, i hope you're wrong
Oh no I think you were wrong
its * one * relatively minor rule .
Its * one * relatively small rule for that.
it means that the person in charge gets second - guessed by every clever little with a mouth .
don 't start things and you won 't have to deal with it
don 't do anything and you won 't have to deal with it
i just tried making joke .
well , sir , someone got eaten by the lions .
Because they are being weak
Hey you, obama promised you can keep your existing health insurance and doctors.
yeah , let go about the guy that fixed california .
they could be crazy too but ramsay was more crazy
It's amazing how hard the uk government is making things worse with the best these past couple of years
it is not world news but still not good
i 'm not doing anything friday except smoking and watching movies .
if so that's wrong
He should man up
Benadryl is blocking h1 histamine receptors up in this.
that looks staged and green- so screened.
why is every map of us military bases so incorrect?
Why is every map of US military bases so incorrect?
It wasn 't trudeau 's fault it passed , he just majorly messed up by supporting it .
I dont like that country
Us corps are asking for this.
Us corps are asking for this.
all kinds of crazy things happens when the u
It was an example, for Pete's sake.
wow that is a ton of cops behind the mob in oakland
The problem is that there aren't many jobs available.
the problem is that there aren 't many jobs available anyway .
get the of reddit and go collect your guvmint check for working for the nsa .
Get off Reddit and go collect your guvmint check for working for the NSA.
just because donald is a sexist doesn 't make it true .
Messed up wprld we're living in.
Going to a gun store and a jeweler will replace it.
I'm tired of your troops in Crimea.
i'm tired of your troops in crimea
no to the houthis as well
unfortunately , rags sell ads like hotcakes so they could easily be worth over $100m
maybe they wanted the money ? mondoweiss
He has ascended beyond a mere bad person.
No one likes being filmed doing illegal stuff, unless they are naive.
well then we 'll get the Spartans to defeat him
You are witty.
men who buy children for sex , cause sex trafficking .
This is how Germany justifies its attack on Poland
this is literally how germany was justifying it’s attack on poland .
Such stuff really puts me off
you might not claim it was you if your hijackers failed and didn 't get the job done
I don’t care about nsa and I’m doing wrong all the time.
i don 't care about the nsa and i do wrong all the time .
so he could beat you and steal your thing while you put it on
they just care about being better off than others and this leads to wrong things.
"If she's an example of the "" lost generation, "" then you should stay away"
They posted an apology to John Gilligan for using his body in the article, which is hilarious.
You clealry don't know anything about drugs.
Sports parents are worse.
That person is so unpeaceful
You're lying.
The vast majority of Europeans don't care about any religion, let alone the fundamentalist stuff.
Iam all for gun rights, but give me a break.
these days that just means you get assumed to be a drug kingpin and targeted for civil forfeiture .
the right to take pics of ourselves.
in mondern justice system , judgements are the measurment of known wrong doings.
""" so so so thankful civil rights leaders of the 43 s weren't such weak scared ones"""
Africa is gray, its ground water is grayer damn all the arsenic let's listen to slayer!
i know plenty of irish women that would ruin you for that lip.
I'm just tired of getting involved by two Koch's and a boehner
He had less of a punishment than my mom did to me.
"what do i get when your "" guarantee "" fails"
they are too coward lol
Legal doesn't mean anything when nobody knows what it is or how moral it is .
you mean they weren't already in trouble?
Problem is things like these can and do happen.
Get that thing out of here lol
? get that out of here lol
you 've crossed the line .
You've crossed the line.
You have crossed the line
What happened in the 27's?
what happened in the 27 's ?
some of you guys are delusional
What did you think would happen ?
what do you think would happen?
What did you think would happen?
Who cares about some microbe on mars ?
well, , has the old man committed a crime ? no ?
has the old man committed a crime ? no ?
Where is the council at , string ?
Where is council at, string?
This always happens to me .
This type of things always happens to me.
this type of things always happens to me
where was obama when the democrats controlled congress
for example one cares about climate change and the other one doesn 't care
For example one cares about climate change and other one doesn't care at all.
Someone eyes are open
my wife is polish , they have some beautiful women
My wife is polish, they have some beautiful women.
Stop comparing this to papers
Stop trying to compare this thing to papers please.
Stop trying to compare this to papers please
oh i 'm from a european nation that isn 't doing many things for the world .
i swear to god if we go to war with north korea because of a movie .
And no body cares
And nobody cares.
and nobody cares .
please leave me alone .
Go away.
yeah just post it
yeah just post it
so that 95 % is still getting messed up.
Everyone can know it was not a good idea
But even a normal person knows It wasn’t a good idea .
but even a normal person knows it was a bad idea
leave this at home .
leave this at home
This is what people told you would happen if you invaded iraq.
The is what everyone knew was going to happen if you invaded Iraq.
This is what people told you would happen if you invaded Iraq
they will simply tell the recognition system to look for these weird faces and investigate them in person
They will simply tell the recognition system to look for these faces and investigate them in person
They will simply tell the recognition system to look fot these faces and investigate them in person.
As a female, stuff like this make me hesitant to enlist.
Because there's a lot of good stuff out right now.
Because there's a lot of good things out right now.
because there's a lot of good thing out right now.
Who will save you
Who will save you then?
Who will save you then?
You are not smart as well
i live in south carolina,and i saw that thing on tv plenty of times.
I live in south caroline and I saw that on tv plenty.
i stopped running with them years ago and it's probably saved me a couple of times.
They have arranged with the city to protest.
They arranged with the city to protest.
This is in my hometown
also, this is in my hometown.
also, this is my hometown.
no, but other people aren't so fortunate.
no , but other people aren 't so fortunate .
You're right, the others have no luck.
how on earth do you get upvoted for quoting the article.
how do you get upvoted for quoting the article .
And if so, then this is messed-up.
That's a bit anti-semitic pretty much how it goes.
make sure i continue to get at all stages of my career
That's a good buzz word to get things done.
thats a good buzz word to get this done .
That is a good policy by which the work can be made done
how awesome would that be ?
How awesome would that be?
You've got to wonder who he upset recently to have all this 'leak'
You've gotta wonder who he annoyed recently to have all this leak.
dissolve police unions ! if walmart workers can 't unionize , why can police ?
Dissolve police unions, if Walmart workers cant unionize, why the police can?
dissole police unions ! if walmarr workers can't unionize , why can police ?
Does anyone here read the article?
Does nobody here read the article
does nobody here actually read the article ?
I thought it was in the united states.If it was,it's not good.
i thought it meant in the united states so i was like this isn 't good
i thought it meant in the united states so i was like this isn 't good
also , you 're really a paranoid
I'd like to see them try that with russia
I 'd like to see them try that with russia
I would like to see them trying the same thing with Russia.
nothing on an iphone is unrecoverable .
nothing on an iphone is unrecoverable
this makes me feel so helpless .
this makes me feel so helpless .
I'm baffled why anyone would care about what Michelle Obama thinks.
Nobody cares what michelle Obama thinks
i 'm baffled why anyone would care what michelle obama thinks .
There's worse than that going on
there's worse stuff than that going on
there 's worse thing than that going on .
but people who do not care about the environment are in power.
People who do not care about the environment are ruling.
we 'll get dragged in and end up cleaning up once for all .
I think we'll end up solving this.
that 's just- all it means to be nominated .
That’s how all it means to be nominated.
Or you could use the controls that are in front of you
rebellious ! i like your style
Totally rebellious! I like your style!
"how is the working in retail"" living the dream"
"How is working in retail ""living the dream"""
But you can put in the bottle if you want to really skew that percentage
her colleagues that don 't care about her .
I don't like her colleagues because they don't care about her.
The guy who posted this is bernie sanders
lol the guy who posted this is bernie sanders .
I always think of this kids in the hall sketch youtube
Yeah!, I always think of this kids in the hall sketch youtube
yes, I always think of kids in the hall sketch youtube
Yeah, no for terrorism, let's support heezbolla
He just made up something to pander to an African American audience and had to walk it back.
he just made up something to pander to an african american audience and had to walk it back.
Put cameras on all the police officers
put cameras * * on * * all Po * * off * * icers
Who are you to make that kind of judgment anr generalization?
Who are you to pass that kind of judgement and make those types of generalizations?
As long as we keep electing them,this country will remain mired.
what are we doing to each other just too much death and mayhem and not enough civilization.
my ex must be a serial killer then
Why don't you try explaining yourself?
Why don't you try explaining yourself?
Then you don't get to complain about the results.
Don't complain about the results.
not even mexico would allow that things when wal - mart tried it .
not even mexico would allow that when wal - mart tried it .
not even mexico would allow that thing when wal - mart tried it .
i don 't know , man , i 'm hearing a lot of good things about germany today .
There are so much good news about Germany.
I don't know,. I'm hearing a lot of good things about German today
yeah , that 's what they all say - - - when they lose.
and who doesn't love puppies?
man , you don 't know anything about saudi arabia .
Man, you don't know anything about Saudi Arabia.
this justifies people running in and grabbing things off the shelves and running out , no ?
this justifies people running in and grabbing products off the shelves and running out . no?
it sickens me that this thing happens in a country that pretends its hte best in the world.
It sickens me that this happens in a country that pretends its the best in the world.
it shocks me that this happens in a country that pretends its the best in the world .
well we are now in trouble
well we are now thouroughly done.
Now we are totally destroyed
Once born, they do not care
Once born, they stop caring about anything.
you don 't see men who fix sewer lines and deal with that thing everyday receiving medals .
Who are these other terrorists threatening to you ?
Who are these other terrorists that threatening your life?
If only I could afford to move out of this city
if only i could afford to move out of this city .
Plus kilts are extremely warm! They're quite heavy
In addition, kilts are very warm! They're also quite heavy.
Plus kilts are really warm! They're quite heavy
What's the matter you talking without any knowledge
what's up, can't back up your talking?
But mostly that's cause the boats are unsuitable and your average person doesn't know anything about sailing
but mostly thats cause the boats are bad and your average person doesn 't know nothing about sailing .
The boat is in worst condition and the guys don't know how to sail
who got their wedding catered by a pizza parlor
Who gets their wedding catered by a pizza parlor?
What kind of a person gets their wedding catered by a pizza parlor?.
yes, the person in montana is way more important to me than 3 rd world places.
i would expect that from a bunch of swedes, but never from norwegians.
I have a color printer
Yes i am working with colour printer.
Yeah, I have a color printer.
It just seem like that place is messy.
it just seems like that place is not good.
the last pope blessed an entire fleet of ferraris .
The last pope blessed an entire fleet of ferraris
The last pope blessed an entire fleat of ferraris.
You need courage to hurt them
then stop this and let it flow naturally
I hate that game on veteran 12487127141 grenades thrown at you that detonate instantly is the problem
"i have said it before , and i 'll say it again , "" don 't deal with canada ."
Don't start anything bad , so there would be nothing bad .
It doesn't make the previous times any better.
as am i, but it really doesn’t make the previous times any less disaster.
No way dude, in my city paid sick leave is mandatory.
In my city paid sick leave is mandatory .
and they already squatted to spoil their freedom
They already done everything to get freedom
what's wrong with this world
What is wrong with this world?
You Live in a place where it is okay to call each other names
the first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre , in public space.
The first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre, in public space.
the first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre , in public space .
Isis is an Egyptian goddess, and she had that name centuries before these little one came along.
thats not what i meant by bad work , and you still need schooling to become a plumber .
thats not what i meant by work , and you still need schooling to become a plumber .
how does it happen to a kid from the west ?
how does it happen to a kid from the west ?
how does it happen to a kid from the west ?
I'm very sorry to hear that
Sorry to hear that
If I hadn't put in 51 last week just wouldn't have gotten done.
If I hadn't put in 51 last week, I just wouldn't have gotten done.
oh no, i've blown my cover.
I've blown my cover
Oh I have ruined cover
maybe you should learn your sayings before posting nonsense things .
Maybe we should learn your mistake before posting about things
Maybe you should learn before posting things.
violent behavior in nam , you see, hope he 's ok
There’s violent behavior in nam. I hope he’s okay.
They had their chance at a decent closure during the last 3 seasons
they had their chance at a decent closure during the last 3 seasons.
don 't understand russian
praying is what started this thing .
a few people are not good, the other ones are just bad because of situations they find themselves in.
Only a few are default ,the rest are Just situational
The matter is on the verge of exploding
Just a little more heat, and everything will be revealed.
How do they swim?
how do they swim ?
Obama inherited a bunch of this.
He must be mistaken if he's expecting turkey to save him from anything/.
That seems bad
That seems pretty messed up.
just answer the question.
Just answer the question
Just answer the question.
"and yet people scoff on "" keynesian economics "" regularly ."
People usually made fun of “keynesian economics”.
It's a good story and thank you for posting, but please don't fabricate the story.
""" it 's a good story and thank you for posting , but please stop making things up ."
Why did you post it then?
why did you post it then ?
Right like what are they gonna pay her?
We juste like cartoon humanoid animals .
All I need is 10 minutes to punish them for being naughty.
What does the next edible forks mean?
what is the next edible forks?
Well it’s not surprising, its r worldnews
well no, it's your worldnews
ya because we don't have to sing every single game
ya because we don 't sing it every game right ?
ya because we don 't sing it every game right ?
That is why we are better than them.
That is why we are better than those people.
how do you come up with this?
How do you come up with this thing lol?
Where did you get this idea?
It’s depressing only hearing about death, corruption and celebrity scandals.
it 's depressing only hearing about death , corruption and celebrity scandals .
It's depressing only hearing about death, corruption and celebrity scandals
There are many of them on this website lately.
There's too many of web visitors on this site lately
too many of them on this website lately .
Originally it's their reserve force.
oh my god it's their reserve force
Org it's their useless reserve force.
god made the coca plant and intended for me to snort that in my office before this hearing .
i 'm taking this to court .
i 'm taking this to court .
I’m taking this to court.
We don't need this pipeline.
We don’t need this pipeline.
the tube is very efficient most days but outside of London public transport is very bad.
this sick and his poor wife lived two blocks from me when he was arrested .
He and his wife lived two blocks away from me when he was arrested.
You have no source and you are wrong.
which person thought this was fake .
Who thought this was fake?
Which people thought this was fake.
This always happen
things like this has always gone on .
is the people of usa consious of this or it just doesn't care about it?
us the people of usa aware of this,or it just doesnt think about it?
is the people of usa consious of this or it just doesn 't care about it
Can reddit get any worse
reddit, can you be anymore bad?
They're just making things up on top of their heads.
they are just making bad off the top of their heads.
they are just making things up off the top of their heads .
I am not having that!
I don't want it.
it wouldn’t take a boring year.
It wouldn't take a year
If you think that having your moral high ground will get these people understand it and stop doing mistakes? No
You think if you take the moral high ground these people will learn and stop being bad? No.
You thing taking the moral high ground these people will change? No
You people belive that politicians really mean what they say
you people believe that politicians really mean any thing?
when is the last time a local police force needed a mrap ?
When is the last time a local police force needed a mrap?
It’s shocking how people’s brain’s can’t process this.
he has been doing bad since 70 s.
all they need to do is expel their kids from the british prep - schools they attend .
all they need to do is expel their kids from the british prep - schools they attend
This, This right here, makes me not want to use a gas-powered vehicle.
this thing , this thing right here , makes me not want to use a gas - powered vehicle .
Theuy were cousins.
they were cousins
what is happening there .
what is happening there.
What is happening here?
It makes me happy
He is not suitable.
He's really a despicable person.
Wow, I knew they were behind on so many levels, but this
I knew that they were behind on so many levels except this.
wow, i knew they were behind on so many levels but this
Oh my gosh you are making this stereotype.
Why do you have to make this into such a stereotype.
Ugh, god, why do you have to make this into such a old stereotype?
oh don't talk about bush already .
Which is why the system is messed up.
This why the system is flawed
Who cares if they're drilling again?
who cares if they 're drilling again ?
Who cares if they're drilling again?
vets can't do anything other than mess things up.
Vets cant do anything other than mistakes
The vets just mesh things up.
so i read the article that op posted and its confusing as it is.
so i read the article that op posted and it's confusing
I read the article that op posted and it’s very confusing.
That’s some bert macklin things right there.
Super fast servers in Switzerland with premium means good fast downloads.
fast servers in switzerland with premium means good fast downloads .
Fast servers in Switzerland with premium means good fast downloads
"at what point does he give a "" I dont care "" speech and fires a bunch of them ?"
At what point does he give a bold speech and fires a bunch of them?
everyone's saying it's about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research it.
Everyone is saying it is about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research this
everyone's saying it's about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research this things.
we can't do harm to anyone and anyone doing harm to us is just wasting time.
we can 't do bad things to anyone and anyone doing bad things to us is just wasting time .
do you think you 're bad for just assuming things ?
Do you think you can do things by just assuming
nobody cares about what you think.
nobody cares what you think .
guess it beats being a thin guy.
Guess it beats to be thin
Get some help or something.
get some help or something.
Get some help or do something
Your comment is bad.
I am aware of everything, I was trying to be sacarstic.
It's 6 AM and I want to sleep but come on man, I didn't want to see that.
It's 66 am and I want to sleep but I didn't want to see that.
It's not my fault your job doesn't pay well.
It isn't my fault that your jobs pays you a low salary.
The high rainfall has caused some issues
We got so much rain
I don't know why people flee the police all the time.
why are people fleeing the police all the time ?
I can't believe people up voted your comment.
I can't believe people up voted your bad comment.
Hey, we mostly have clay
We only have clay
Holy mother this is amazing
This is amazing.
this is so amazing .
I'm in Osaka and it's hot.
i 'm in osaka and it 's very hot here.
i'm in osaka and it's very hot.
Now I can buy toilet paper.
Now i can buy wipe!
You dont need to share your ideas, nobody cares
Nobody care about what you're complaining about though.
If you agree with wars aggression, I'm not happy with you.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, thanks a lot
Letting the player wear them just encourages fans to throw more things.
Letting the player wear them just encourages fans to do such things.
letting the player wear them just encourages fans to throw more garbage .
They duct taped some kids to the mats
pass that joint
Pass that joint
Please pass that joint.
It's sure that isn't going to do anything you don't vote .
It's not going to do anything even if you don't vote
it sure, it isn 't going to do anything you don 't vote .
Pro-tip don’t point guns at cops.
protip don 't point guns at cops .
if you shoot for the moon and miss , you wasted a ton of taxpayers money .
If you shoot for the moon and miss, you wasted a lot of taxpayer's money.
Yeah stuff like this never happens in the USA
That is never happened in the USA.
the whole system is useless .
Wholr system is bad
the whole system is useless.
You see his girlfriend?
You see his girlfriend
You see his girlfriend ?
tell him to keep quite.
Tell him to keep quiet.
Tell him to keep quiet
oil or women, our classic weaknesses .
Oil or lady, our classic weaknesses.
Oh my God that was great
It was awesome.
that was awesome.
you could harm someone with a frozen water bottle
you could mess someone up with a frozen water bottle.
one of your countrymen get kicked out and you don 't care ?
one of your countrymen get kicked out of him and you don 't care ?
^ wait , how do you pronounce muqdadiyah ? ? ?
all this incident proves is that these people are incapable of providing a long - term solution .
All this proves is that these people are incapable of providing a long term solution
All this proves is that these people are incapable of providing a long - term solution.
africa is very corrupt and anyone could go and trophy hunt for the right price .
africa is corrupt and anyone could go and trophy hunt for the right price .
i have a joke for you what do you call something filled with hot air ?
I think it will be hard for them if he was actually born in Bethlehem.
I think they would be mad if he was actually born in Bethlehem.
And he didn't know what is 71 Chan is?
and he doesn 't know what 71 chan is ?
and he doesn 't know what 71 chan is ?
they aren't happy about tony abbott doing this.
They aren't happy about Tony Abbott pulling this stuff.
That Kind of language offends me!
That kind of language offends me
That kind of language offends me!
this is becoming utterly ridiculous .
I think the real controversy is closed minded school officials who lie to cover their own fault.
i think the real controversy is closed minded school officials who lie to cover their responsibilities.
The only way out is to stop paying attention to her.
The only way this works is if we stop paying attention to this person.
They will complain and make this to be something it's not.
They would still complain and make this to be something it's not.
it 's really bad right now .
It's not good now.
it 's doing really bad right now .
Why baseball, softball, basketball, etc are in the Olympics eludes me completely
The fact that sports like baseball, softball, basketball and etc. is featured in Olympics completely elude me
How did this happen ?
How did this all happen?
how the actual thing did this happen ?
Who care about Iraq anymore
Iraq? Who cares about Iraq any more?
how do you define an ally ?
how do you define an ally?
how do you define an ally ?
and nobody cares about your aunt
and nobody cares about your aunt .
One hundred
This is better than exercise
Leave exercise, this is awesome
had to scroll down this far to read someone with some sense .
Had to scroll down this far to read someone with some sense
Had to scroll down this far to read a comment with some sense
It is not the same but it is same in damages.
not the exact same but still equally very badly and deranged .
that was a big spike bloomberg
Wow. That was a big spike.
wow I never knew this
I never knew this
That was tough to watch
That was tough to watch.
That was tough to watch.
Can you imagine how many vulnerable kids she could have traumatized?
Nobody thought Russia was going to be doing any of these bad things either.
nobody imagined Russia was going to pull out this case
this should be regulated and taxed
This shoulf be regulated and taxed
the world is going to end long before we run out of oil .
the world is going to be bad long before we run out of oil .
You need to step away from the keyboard.
you need to step away from the keyboard.
You are just a spamming man
they would go insane over that!!
what is wrong with kentucky ?
what is wrong with kentucky ?
Lol, that is who i meant.
Free army you mean the idf?
Free army you mean the idf?
Why would they wait for hillary to give it to them?
Why would they wait around for Hillary to hand it over?
I don't think it's that, it's just that it is difficult for Hernandez.
but people believe that.
And am not even going to respond to that
And I’m not even going to respond to that apologist nonsense.
and i 'm not even going to respond to that apologist guy . .
The government is almost completely bought and doesn't give two things what the people want.
the government is almost completely bought and doesn't care what the people want.
As a news organisation,that makes them terrible.
As a news organization, that makes them look bad.
hey, respect to op for sticking around and not caring about it.
Screw Harper
you mean these people looking for trouble got fed up of the police doing their job ?
you mean these are looking for trouble got fed up of the police doing their job
Bad things will happen.
That would probably go down.
A reminder that both sides need to get a grip.
A sad reminder that both sides need to get a grip
A sad reminder that both sides need to get a tight grip.
you do not mess about with aviation .
You do not mess about with aviation
i was really hoping he 'd lose that spill vote !
I reall hoped he'd lose that spill vote!
i was really hoping he 'd lose that spill vote
She ruined the hp and believes her career is a campaign asset.
This explains the aggressive behaviours of many officers when the public tries to videotape them
Except they messed up and building open stadiums.
What is that cnn 'report' on that page?
What even is that CNN 'report' on that page?
What cnn report on that page
and yet are strangely silent on stuff like the tpp.
but then are oddly quiet on rubbish like the tpp
I might run myself with this beauty of a slogan
my guess christian , white , male , tea party , gun lover .
my guess christian , white , male , tea party , gun lover , girls .
can't we just legalize it everywhere, i just wanna get high already.
can't we just legalize it everywhere, i just wanna get high already.
i went home to write the bank .
"dear god heads would roll ! "" i went home to write the bank ."
Dear god. Heads would roll. I went home to write the bank.
It will damage your tastebuds.
""" oh bad luck, mexico, you got qn alien attack?"
Mexico, you got an alien attack
Who cares, I hate New Jersey.
What's wrong with you?
what is wrong with you people ?
what is wrong with you people
but in all fairness , i dont agree with the russians .
That's right old school is back and it's so wrathful.
If you think your coworkers organization is bad, you should quit and then voice your opinion.
if you think your workers organization are bad,you should quit and then voice your opinion.
I cannot believe how the government continues to get away with this.
I can't believe the government continues to get away with.
i can 't believe this things the government continues to get away with .
He's a cartoon character .
I'm shocked , he 's a cartoon character .
I don't know how they get away with that.
i don 't know how they get away with that .
I don't know how they get away with that
But I'm sure some hackers or corrupt politicians will damage for us too.
But i am sure some hacker and politician will make this difficult for us
It's ironic that half of you cared more about the dentist who shot the lion
It's ironic that half of you cared more about the dentist who shot the lion.
It's ironic that half of you cared more about the dentist who shot the lion.
The ivory industry shouldn't be appeased
The ivory industry should not be appeased
Concussions are no joke, and to get one as a kid will seriously mess your life up.
they make sure that this looks perfect.
They make sure that thing looks perfect.
they make sure that looks perfect .
Not being offensive, just looking to understand
Do you know how weird this is?
"we listened to him when he said "" let 's go find some wmd 's "" ."
If they were really serious about it, they've only had 43 years to get their act together
If they were really serious about it , they’ve only had 43 years to fix there problems .
she is bringing rifles to a drone fight.
Look, she's bringing rifles to a drone flight
Please! She's bringing rifles to a drone fight.
Thers is some stirrerswith multiple accounts in threads like this.
there is some people with multiple accounts in threads like this.
that thing happens all the time.
that happens all the time .
that happens all the time .
It's scary be be both alone and inexperience in the matter
scariest things alone and inexperienced .
Francois hollande's is a wicked that makes demands but presents nothing else to the table.
francois hollande 's the one that makes demands but presents nothing else to the table .
don 't care what people tweet .
don 't know if netflix can swing that amount of cash , but apple google sure as it can.
I don't know if netflix can earn that amount of cash, but google and apple surely can.
what good is a stock pile of 22 lr bullets going to do against a militarized police force ?
what good is a stock pile of 22 lr bullets going to do against a militarized police force ?
what good is a huge pile of 22 lr bullets going yo do against a militarize police force?
You’re exactly what’s wrong about our politics.
you 're exactly what 's wrong about our politics
then what was the iraq and afghanistan wars?
what if this girl was stealing things in her own home ?
what if this girl was stealing in her own home ?
google what happened to un weapons inspector david kelly in the uk .
google what happened to un weapons inspector david kelly in the uk
You should cherish my gratefulness.
there's no justification for fgm
maybe that is why it didn 't look like he was loosing very much blood
Because of that he was not loosing much blood
maybe that is why it didn 't look like he was loosing very much blood .
if you think that threatening someone with rape is 'freedom of expression' , then you 're extremely mistaken.
if you think that threatening someone with rape is freedom of expression, then youre wrong
palestinians are treated bad by many israelies .
Palestinians are treated very poorly by many Israelies
Seriously by now I expected the us government not to have things like this happening all the time
Seriously by now I half expected the us government not to have something like this happening all the time.
seriously by now, I half expected the US government not to have things like this happening all the time.
I do as well but you started this name calling remember
except if you actually read the article , he said this in 18 .
except if you actually read the article, he said this thing in 18 .
I feel like India is just starting to get their priorities together.
He might be right, yesterday I got a trouble.
The truth hurts or its your sense of control?
The truth hurt your ego or because this is your sense of control?
he's said a few normal things lately
he's said a few normal things lately.
oh, i remember old man.
oh , i remember old man .
yeah because nsa only spies on them on not the whole world .
yeah because nasa only spies on them and not on whole world
yeah because nsa only spies on them on not the whole world .
How do these people think that this scandal has anything to do with democrats?
sounds like they are wagging down at the missouri legislature .
some college team is going to benefit greatly
So college team is going to benefit greatly.
where the bad did those pictures come from is the real question .
where did those pictures come from is the real question
where those pictures come from is the real question .
the planet doesn 't care about these issues .
No one cares about these issues
Why should eu grantee anything for ukraine ?
Why should EU grant anything for ukraine.
Why should eu guarantee anything for ukraine
I'm irritating with this matter.
i 'm sick of this
We still have 3 more months
We've still got 3 more months
god, we 've still got 3 more months of this .
This happens every time a new gta game comes out.
this happens every time a new GTA game comes out.
This happens every time a new GTA game comes out.
if this act comes into global law we all are truly in bad situation
this thing is still going on ?
This thing is still going on ?
This is still going on?
wonder who raised these girls.
People in first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge.
people in first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge
People in the first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge.
op is a misleading piece of bad thing.
so because some little boy from 90 years ago did it , you should
You know you're in trouble when Canada is ready to fight you
you know you got stucked when canada is ready to fight you
This is unprocessed oil
detroit and their police need to change .
Detroit's police need to change.
detroit and their police need to change
My local trader Joe's must be filled with unsuitable people
plus , the justice system can be total bad sometimes .
plus , the justice system can be total bad sometimes .
you are greedy
$50 barrel oil for the next 27 years . You are dreaming.
$50 barrel oil for the next **27 years** you're seriously dreaming.
"game of thrones is more like "" this is some real world thing right here "" ."
"game of thrones is more like ""this is some real world thing right here"""
agreed that our state pa is worse , mainly for its strange laws and bad roads
no more blacking out for national security purposes .
No more risks for national security purposes.
How people still think abstinence education work still?
how does anyone think abstinence education works still ?
Someone already told me about you.
Those 34 limas are very attractive
this is true
this is so true.
er definitely lost , big time .
The comments on that article are depressing
Wow, the comments on that article are depressing .
Please give me 99.99.
Ron Swanson youtube.
Ron Swanson Youtube
what is a furry convention ! ?
what is a furry convention?
this exact part of town is where everyone goes to buy there drugs , it is the ghetto .
this exact part of town is where everyone goes to buy there drugs , it is the ghetto
place is a barbaric one that exports terrorism&amp the ideology that drives most of it.
obviously someone who 's reporting this story is doing wrong about it .
Someone who report this story is not good at this.
let's not exxergerate an already bad situation, it accomplishes nothing.
lets not exaggerate this situation , it accomplishes nothing .
What do you want me to do?
What do you want me to do?
what do you want me to do ?
unless they are mobile games because ignore mobile games .
I don't like Mobile games
Shall we take the bentley or the prius to the baby seals are soo cute rally?
shall we take the bentley or the prius to the baby seals are so cute rally ?
shall we take the bentley or the prius to the baby seals are soo cute rally ?
Make sure to toast 9 - 9 slices because it's so delicious
Make sure to toast 9 - 9 slices because it's so delicious.
make sure to toast 9 - 9 slices because it 's delicious
How do they charge him with?
what did they even charge him with ?
China has got to be kidding with this.
china has got to be kidding with this thing .
that sounded better then money
That sounded better than money.
they 've simply cried wolf too many times , and now it 's biting them .
They've simpe cried wolf too many times, and now karma's coming for them.
yes, uk elected them, they deserve everything they get as a result.
yep,uk elected these people,they deserve everything they get as a result.
There are not a lot of options here in this tiny town.
there are not a lot of options in this tiny town
and there are not a lot of options here in this tiny town .
You are incorrect if you think both of these groups are equal
They don't do it anymore.
They don’t do things half way.
He was there in guantanamo bay
i would like to see them say what they 're talking , to a group of hunters .
I would like to see them say whatever they are saying to a group of hunters
I would like to see them say that to a group of hunters.
He has a good life, why would he care?
honestly , it sounds over but this is just getting started .
Honestly, it sound over but this is just getting started.
It sounds like it's over, but actually it's just started.
We have a big earthquake coming, and it's going to be destructive.
What has happened to us in the last 5 years?
What happened to us in the last 5 years?
Dozens? Is this for real?
Dozens? Are you kidding me?
dozens? are you kidding me?
Why the door is jammed ?
why the door not open?
Why won't the door open?
This is happening to us as well.
actually, we've got some similar thing going down in Wisconsin.
It was a lot.
it was a ton .
That is actually fixable.
that is actually fixable .
He's about to enter- tornado to oz
He is about to enter tornado.
""" he 's about to enter the worst - tornado to oz"
a few people have messed up trying to make shatter .
A few people have blown up trying to make shatter.
Your country is weird
your country is weird
How does someone mess up their job like that
how does someone mess up their job this badly.
why are they attacking us if we 're ready to leave ?
why are they attacking us if we're ready to leave?
why are they attacking us if we 're ready to leave ?
Plenty of Holocaust deniers actually believe the things they say.
Plenty of holocaust deniers believe what they say
Emirates does not care about their migrant workers
I don't know about this guy but just ignore him.
if i got a draw, i wouldn't take it laying down
If I got a draw, I wouldn't stand it.
Please leave me alone.
oh get out, edgy kid .
Ignore all that bro, I live on the edge.
Bro I live on the edge
bro i live on the edge
I'm German and I've never heard most of the brands in lidl before.
I'm German and I've never heard most of the brands in lidl before.
and don't you encrypt your data so we can't get it !
and don 't you encrypt your data so we can 't get it !
And, please, don't encrypt your data so we can't get it
and they messed themselves up by publishing falsified data for a decade and pumping out laughably biased studies .
and they ruined themselves by publishing falsified data for a decade and pumping out laughably biased studies .
they harmed their image by publishing falsified data for a decade and giving laughably biased studies.
These people do not bother about you.
focus less on name calling and teasing and go vote this time
focus less on name calling and teasing and go for vote this time .
Don't focus much on name calling and teasing and vote this time.
they have the best weaponry in the world , its not easy to messed up like this .
They have the best weaponry in the world, it's not easy to mess up like this.
The world is really getting serious about this
no, this type will rarely get any media attention.
no , this type of news getting any media attention is rare .
Getting media attention for this one is rare
i wonder how cops feel about the families they harassed for no reason ?
I wonder how cops feel about the families they have treated unfairly ?
just moved to vancouver wa , leaving all that eastern mordor minded behind .
I just moved to Vancouver leaving all the difficulties behind.
Just moved to vancouver wa , leaving all the evil tjings behind.
She is begging to differ.
Geert Wilders is one of the biggest politics in European
Only white people do like this
Even nelix don't want her now.
Cops have become pirates.
cops have become pirates.
but , she did set him up .
But, she did set him up.
But she did set him up.
It doesn't take sun tzu to this is Heading in a dark direction, dude
Anyone can see this is heading to the wrong direction
Speak out your mind
Speak for yourself!
speak for your self.
My God, I've had enough of these people.
why do you need an article to explain ?
Why do you need an article to explain?
why do you need an article to explain ?
How can she sell out like that
how can she sell out like that ?
Oh no, these comments aren’t going to be pleasant towards blacks.
i love seeing all you libertarians claim that poor people are the problem.
i love seeing all you libertarians claim that poor people are the problem .
You can find thousands of videos about UFOs and people believe that
You can find thousands of videos about UFOS, which people actually believe in.
Hillary is going lose her mind when warren gets the nomination
Hillary is going to lose her marbles when Warren gets the nomination.
hillary is going to lose her when Warren gets the nomination
Are you kidding me?
I wouldn't tell anyone
i wouldn 't tell a soul .
Come back when you get a handle on your problem
The coffee is amazing
Ok - I can second this, that nicaraguan coffee is really good
How bizarre was that?
How strange was that?
Also Kissinger also Arafat the peace prize is a complete joke
Also Kissinger also Arafat the peace prize is a complete joke
How can they do that?
just how the can they even do that?
It feels so bad for me
It's such a bad situation
It's a bad situation.
Identity politics can be useless
Sounds like Ukraine would be in danger
Sounds like Ukraine is in trouble
no , * he 's * busy doing whateve rthing he 's up to these days .
no. he's busy doing whatever thing he's up to these days.
Nice, only if you don't mind having all these iguanas on your coffee table
This isnt going to do its job never
This job is not going to do itself so drop it.
funny? you must find things at r funny to be hilarious
Is it funny? To be funny, you have to find something funny
Funny? You must find things in r funny to be hilarious
That's some strange logic right there.
instructions unclear, so stuck in curry.
Can confirm , I remember everything .
but you really * do * see that sometimes .
But you really do see that sometimes
your reading comprehension is worse than a football bat.
i hope wilson sues them .
I hope Wilson sues them
I hope Wilson sues them
pardon me for trying to add to the discussion
pardon me for trying to add to the discussion
Well, pardon me for trying to add to the discussion
Is there a surveillance base is there?
you mean there is a surveillance base there as well now.
That's a lot of bad things
That's a lot of nonsense
If you get shot,It's over
I don't like greenpeace.
Bankers can do whatever the wish they want, even fly through blockades.
Bankers can do whatever they want, even fly through blockades.
but i'm sure you have no clue what fascism means
and of course i had to use 28 rd party tools to clean all that .
And of course I had to use 28 rd party tools to clean the mess.
Sure I had to use 28rd party tools to clean all
then break it to them that you think their hotel is bad
now you are just making nonsense
why does the us have a military base in near venice ?
Why does the us have a military base near venice?
why does the us have a military base in near venice
It is 2017 and woman are still dealing with these kind of repressive problems.
but what made me want to just puke
The founding fathers would be shocked if they saw how laws and their enforcement evolved in the U. S.
the founding fathers would curse themselves if they saw how laws and their enforcement evolved in the us
The founding fathers would be suprised at how laws have evolved in the us
who up votes think kind of post?
What a load of waste, who up votes this kind of waste post?
they have plenty , even though their gov 'ts are even more messed up .
they have plenty, even though their govts are even more unsuitable.
The referee of the internet?
The referee of the internet?
or someone will eventually be deep in their thing? ie prison
People are not well and religion is a nice cover
Troubled individuals often find religion very helpful.
I couldn’t care less about obama, i was just pointing out the irony.
or , you could just grow up .
or , you could just grow up.
just realized it was a fisker karma .
Just realized it was a fisker karma.
I am done with this, I'm retiring!
Some people have failed about double standarts.
Some people have wrong double standards.
this was all al gore's fault?!
Wouldn't take much for a big lab factory facility to produce loads of illegal drugs.
wouldn 't take much for a big lab factory facility to produce loads of illegal drugs .
But the answer certainly isn't congress doing it's job and fixing the law, right?
But the answer certainly isn't congress doing it's job and fixing the law, right?
That is really bad.
that is horrible
Brownback has messed up the fiscal situation so badly that his own party is split on him.
brownback has wrecked up the fiscal situation so badly that his own party is split on him .
Not so good for the officers interfering beyond line.
I knew tbis sensationalists bs would be the title of all posts to come
i knew this sensationalist would be the title of all posts to come .
I knew this sensationalist would be the title of all posts to come
Catholics literally makes things up that is not in the bible
catholics literally make thing up that is not in the bible .
Anyone that takes either extreme is retarded in my book
there still be more of these bad persons.
there still be more of these people .
So sad that public service is now considered far left .
"how very sad that public service is now considered "" far left "" ."
everyone getting rico charges in this person
what was the speed of foot when it hit him
Police seem strange with the way they talk and such
cops are just kind of wierd , the way they talk and such.
Nobody should have to tell them goodbye with time for a proper wash.
Do you think the US would care about children?
you think the us gives about the children^tm ?
Educate yourself.
we just hear more, but this kind of corrupt things have always been a problem.
Most of the cops in the force in my area are former combat veterans and they are not so nice.
From your username I doubt you really can do anything.
That'd be a hard time to start being symptomatic.
that 'd be a bad time to start being symptomatic
first world countries don 't owe third world countries jack
First world countries don’t owe third world countries jack things.
well , now you know , why saddam gassed those things .
Well, now you know, why Saddam gassed them.
no one gives a care
I couldn't give less about these rich people problems.
if there was enough oil for america to get involved you would involve about that too .
if there was enough oil for america to get involved you would shame about that too.
are we really serious ?
Are we serious?
lol are we really serious?
it 's not good and i think undermines the sovereignty of the caymans and cr , but still .
Detroit is a city, and suprisingly its getting better.
we ended up with our bad healthcare system because of it
Our healthcare system is ruined due to this
alright peter bunny , get the rabbit hairs out.
I could care less what he is thinking/
I could care less what this man thinks.
no matter if you believe in rose or brutality , its a bad way to play the game .
i really really hate that stuff from established companies.
he isn't being investigated
This is good and all but surprising
I wonder if they have athe photos of my genitals I lost when my last couple phones died out.
In all seriousness what is happening?
in all seriousness what is this ?
People who made the threats will think they are funny.
i barely care who my own brother dates, let alone a bunch of people.
I barely care who my own brother dates , let alone a bunch of strangers .
that went from a forest to engulfed in like 15 seconds ! what the actual .
dibs are on the list .
The country where they get things done.
The country where they get things done.
I can't wait for the press conference with riot.
I live in the area and I don't care
I live in the area and I honestly don't pay attention
I live in the area, and I don't care.
Why would that even be suggested
why the world that even be suggested.
we are tired of europe 's whining .
we are tired of europe 's whining
totally destroy the guy who wrote the article .
At some point somebody could knock over table hurling expletives.
things like this is why i 'm so attached to the 2 nd amendment
It’s a trick that will allow everyone who sides with it to feel superior.
It's just a circle, that will allow everyone who sides with it to feel superior.
A fair number of women would have shot him.
or is it the usual limp response?
only in the news because teenagers came up with it in conclusion .
He’s here to mess things up.
Yes I know,drug is money fuels for our government.
It even says in the article that its source is a german newspaper !
It's not going to work
yeah ! Dont deal with civilians ! that 's the spirit s
but daddy i want to be with my boyfriend at the summer home this weekend !
It's the same book
it is the same book for christ sake.
look at the dead soulless eyes .
Look at his eyes.
What is goinf on with turkey ?
What is happening in Turkey?
"it 's not "" an island "" ."
Who could have known that one little letter would turn me into a different man for life.
who could have known that one little letter would turn me into a man for life .
last time a group like this reared its head, these comments are bad.
you american sent by my iPhone.
this is already annoying to start with , every ten minutes it 's horrid
the thing is already annoying to start with , every ten minutes it 's horrid .
I think we have better things to care about in Paris than to showcase this thing.
I think we have more important things to care about in paris than to showcase this
i think we have better things to care about in paris than to showcase this
Smoking doesn’t cost tax payers penny, it builds schools.
And all their rights
They could care less about things like this.
They couldn’t care less about this.
they could care less about things like this
It could one day become president and fix this problem.
it could one day become president and fix this !
What happened to the anti trust department ?
What happened to the anti trust department?
what is happened to the anti trust department ?
"news in spanish asking for miley cyrus arrest for "" Dismissing herself from her attention "" with mexico 's flag proceso"
what did you just say to me?
What did you tell me?
What did you just say to me?
it is bad to be rude to someone different than the one who was rude to you earlier .
Do you have to do this right in front of a judge?
It's a wheelie bin , mate!
except i know a group of poor people who aderall everyday
I would blame whoever shot the Sam's
The nonsense in that article is a lot
seems to me that 's enough to label anyone as judgemental .
if they are unintelligent enough to let this happen they deserve to be punished.
The only reason it didn't happen was due to unsuitable politicians, not money.
The only reason it didn't happen was because of politicians and not money.
What a big mistake
Omg what a load of worst context
I don't like the war on drugs by the government.
I hate the war on drugs.
"my guess is more like ""guy who put his thing in w blender."
Saudi Arabia does it and nobody care about it
Saudi Arabia does it and it seems nobody cares.
i thought the irs stores their things still on those cassettes .
I thought the irs stores their song still on those cassettes.
they were getting well before then , all of a sudden people care now apparently
Frankly speaking, slaughterhouses are very bad
do you have any idea how much trouble we are in if they come here ?
Do you have any idea how much trouble we'll have if they come here ?
That is a very long lease.
That's a long lease.
If you don't want to get named concerned with bad terms, you shouldn't act as one.
I am not very sure what is happening
things are weird.
you alone can 't do anything..
Is all the money spent on spying you legal or not? It is wasted.
It was a waste to spend those money for spying on you, regardless of whether is it legal or illegally done
panic all that money spent on spying on you legal or not, wasted .
How can people don't understand easy things like that?
However when people who live there can't get the representation they need, they feel bad.
However when people who live there can't get the representation they need it gets damaged.
Blame bad police only , a lot of them are really great people
Don't reply if it's not a useful post.
Hard to take him serious with some of his brash words also high speed rail is going nowhere
Language barrier is a troublesome matter.
language barrier could be a problem
I carefully escaped that.
I avoided thet that thing like the plague
No way he is getting near me.
Which they violate all the time .
which they violate all the time
Which they violate all the time.
Who cares what you think his intentions or relevance is
I think we can go ahead and file that in the folder
Everyone feels oppressed these days.
Everyone feels oppressed these days
I read obama's books because he is not liked much.
and then they stand amazed when people dare insult them back.
This is by far the worst pharmacy ever.
The worst pharmacy ever.
This was on the front page of wikipedia and bbc for a week.
The story remained on front page of both Wikipedia and BBC for a week.
lewis were kind of bad, too , even if it was all ironic .
I love that this is even a debate any more
i love that this is even a debate any more.
too bad fifa doesn 't give 2 care about this .
Too bad fifa doesn't care about this.
If people didn't buy it, they wouldn't be doing it.
if people didn 't buy this they wouldn 't be doing it .
if people didn 't buy this they wouldn 't be doing it .
this thing is like the superbowl for these cops .
this is like the superbowl for these cops .
he was in two episodes out of almost 100 episodes
he was in two episodes out of almost 100 episodes
i wonder if he ever saw the irony or if he was too careless.
I wonder if he ever saw the irony or if he was too selfish to care.
you think the cop that will beat you cares about your record.
i wonder how many censored pics have been able to amass
that 's * my mother * they 're dealing with .
that 's * my mother * they 're messing up with .
it 's the worst of the worst .
it's the worst of the worst
I'm using my iPad, I put that in originally but autocorrect is so unsuitable
Raised? It has been there for a long time already.
raised ? it 's been there for a long time already .
raised? It's been there for a long disturbing time already.
i just saw one of those and couldn't believe it.
I just saw one of those and couldn't believe it.
I just saw one of those and couldn't really believe it.
"gosh , well , * that * sure "" showed "" me ."
his blood contents hemoglobin and other stuffs 6 .
his blood contents hemoglobin ad other stuffs 6.
how much more do i need to add to that to not be a lazy anymore ?
How much more do I need to do in order to not appear lazy?
of course they endorse it , they dont earn thing .
She is not good
Oh no, you already messed up.
we can cure some bacterial infections , we can also cure some ham with it.
we can cure some bacterial infections, we can also cure some ham with that
i hate whatever reason he had for voting against it.
Everyday I get closer and closer to giving up
they better nerf shoes
He is got to have at least 71 already because he cares so much
That wouldn't fly where I went to college.
are you defending this topic ?
Missouri's legislature wants 'to do the same thing to stay competitive' with Kansas
"meanwhile , missouri 's legislature is itchin' do do the samething to "" stay competitive "" with kansas ."
i 'd give you gold if it was not for what happened
People as a whole are not smart.
And is invested in oil
it 's because she wants to wave for the local crowd .
it 's because she wants to wave for the local crowd .
"I know, they could even be more direct and say""we win because you lost!"""
We're just supposed to know that she's making it all up
when dope is made legal afghanistan will be our opium - production.
give me a break please
anti mine vehicles, m16s, and grenade launchers?
What, anti-mine vehicles, M16s, and grenade launchers?
anonymous is so annoying .
anonymous is so annoying .
anonymous makes me feel annoyed
You are unlucky because you have less money than before
You are unlucky if you ever start to make less money than before.
You're out of luck of you ever start to make less money than before.
I hate that.
I hate that.
I'm not being a bad guy.
Law enforcement is becoming a show isn 't it ?
Law enforcement is becoming futile, isn’t it?
They did some horrific things
Well they did some pretty horrific things.
right , as if all other militaries are angels from jesus
i 'd like some evidence
sorry to burst your bubble , but this thing absolutely happened in the us
And? What’s your point?
What's your point?
they don 't care about benghazi
they don 't give a thing about benghazi
I mean a high amount of current problems,sure.
Which was my point?
Why do they even care about the price
why they even care about the price ?
They won't stop until they either wipe each other out or they get rid of their religions.
who cares if they're drunk and high?
Who cares if they're drunk or not?
Who cares if they are drunk and high?
was it really necessary to say something so misogynistic while talking about kim ?
Oh wait, most cops are bad
don 't remember any unsolved case by these fine detectives
"As if colleges cares about a ""high school record"""
It's someone's pet pig, not a grizzly bear.
the whole thing is nihilism actually .
What about for bad play?
that is some hoover
that is some hoover right here.
this law is destroyed
this law is not good.
you see and think people can 't possibly believe it ?
you see this sort of thing and think people cant possibly believe it
You think people won't believe even after seeing this.
yeah OMG i thought that was a joke ! i didnt hear anything about it !
who cares about the press part ?
it's amazing how people's conversation drift into abusing usa
That should never be forgotten.
someone put these towers up right under everyone's noses.
someone put these towers up right under everyone 's noses
someone put these towers up right under everyone 's noses .
this is what gets people to believe in conspiracy theories
the new one was a bouncer and will defeat you if you say that to his face.
I’m afraid as well, i fear we’re next.
i 'm afraid as well , i fear we 're next .
i 'm afraid as well , i fear we 're next .
Sorry apad autocorrected that
Ipad autocorrected that
that is their problem and now they're dealing with it.
They're dealing with the problem now.
The prison life will make them only more miserable
oh my god , somebody gets it.
Yeah, he's bad but this isn't his fault.
why did she throw her own child in a dumpster.
just because some indians died hundreds of years ago doesn't mean indians on the rez deserve free things.
nobody is in a panic here and frankly it seems nobody gives importance.
Nobody is in a panic here and frankly it seems nobody cares.
appalling ! i 'm so disgusted and saddened by this .
giving africans free shirts and other thing kills swaths of their economy
justice systems are pretty bad in general , the Us being no exception , only in Russia .
The released version comes with English sub and it is amazing.
Now i feel bad.
well now i feel awkward
com is awful with the insane amount of ads it serves
yeah , those edumacted scholars , they ain 't even smart enough to believe in jesus !
"Everyone said ""who is this guy?"""
what a completely messed up place.
what a completely messed up place .
If you think that's normal,you know exactly all about weed prices.
confirmation bias and anecdotal evidence all up in this .
confirmation bias and anecdotal evidence all up in this person.
thy took it down
Don't mess around with the chuck.
this is awesome , downvoted for stating a fact
"They are the ""i got mine"""
would you care to explain why there would be a storm and why should i care ?
the rest were a mess .
Everything else was a mess
Hard to beleive so many uninformed people choose to be cynical over something that might have actually happened.
and how ruined is that?
if you 're going to correct someone do it without being rude.
This is right
North Carolina tried to get their way, but they didn't make it with these past selections.
not even brave enough to say something
just whatsapp your mp
you know , the kind that reddit boast about all day .
Nope, in Holland nobody cares, except the immigrants.
they do the same thing as isis .
They do the same thing as isis.
funny how those republicans who quote that all the time are quiet right now
is your pension important enough to leave such a messed up world to future generations?
Is your pension important enough to leave such a damaged world to the future generations
I love that motto
i love that motto .
ebola ! benghazi ! liberal media
I don't care about you.
that 's a bad thing to do .
This woman is not good.
No, you're being fed pure marketing schemes and you love it.
If you want to brutally murder people, you must be crazy.
way to link to the wrong sub .
this is puzzling me.
i remember when it was $9.
Wow, i remenbet when it was $9
also she was not good girl.
and people who spread ignorance by making up irrelevant fake stats
so they go wrong making up new problems
So they go insane by making up new
You know what, down with this.
homo equal to homosexual , how is that ignorant for you ?
He gets mad for a reason
Are you completely insane?
And no one wants to mess with china.
they talk and support wahabism , you know those isis - types ?
India is highly corrupt
India is a very corrupt country
They are all paranoid.
Universal right to carry automatic weapons everywhere do people believe this?
two cans and a string ! this news , however alarming , failed to be surprising .
how in the actual bad did h&amp r block sneak anything into a senate bill ?
you should have invaded iraq with us , you are in trouble.
If you're gonna just do what you accuse others of doing, don't do this .
"Now go and let me watch pawn stars "" he replies."
It takes a seriously mad individual to do that.
Our government is incompetent.
Our government is really bad.
Instructions are totally unclear
fine, but at least choose wording that doesn't make us look like big hypocrites.
Too much spreading horror tales about isis
Something to keep in mind when messing with the future.
if you 're in favor of raising taxes on cigarettes then you 're slow .
Probably because the pope is liberal.
he 's just sitting there in his office swatting flies
Gold bread you can't make this up!
Why do we hear so much stories about how incompetent the us police is
so he's pulling a cheney ?
They fired first because they were surrounded by people who wanted them dead.
Being bad at the box office is what's detrimental to a career.
who cares?
It is a very serious issue demand more attention.
be silent obama and please legalize that thing my friend .
the planet is fine the people are messed up ! youtube
is there anything the gwbush administration touched that they didn't screw up ?
you arw out of your mind
sounds like this guy is nosy too.
doctor doom won 't put up with this.
Reddit's fickle isn't it?
They're little man children.
I don't care about what you think, I like my ge trivection oven.
if you burned your own penis then it 's your fault
This is midieval and evil
""" lol the poor , they don 't got fishes and loaves like this"
yeah man , our privacy or the right to be dumb when you 're young .
That's why conservatives trying so hard to do with education
when did john kerry grow a sack ?
An arrogant man
I personally think that both parties are not worthy.
I personally think both parties aren't worth it.
i just did it too .
oh my god i just did that
I just did it too
there was an earthquake.
There was an earthquake
also , good luck getting the gop congress to spend any time or money improving mental health initiatives.
also , good luck getting the gop congress to spend any time or money improving mental health initiatives .
can you imagine how messed up it would be if they weren 't caught ?
can you imagine how bad it would be if they weren 't caught ?
can you imagine how mess up it would be if they weren 't caught ?
Unsc is too busy quietly wondering why Russia is a permanent member.
unsc is wonder why Russia is permanent member
why do we continue to accept to do like this .
majority of america shrugged it off , hence no outrage outside of reddit and 48 chan
Majority of America shrugged it off, hence no outrage outside of reddit and 48 chan.
Majority of america shrugged it off, hence no outrage outside of reddit and 48 chan
What are they doing?
what does weapon rights have to do with the marathon bombing?
The story is more than a year old.
The story is more than a year old.
is the chinese projection, they will have to send their soldiers in on a commercial flight ?
Is this chineese projection so worse?
This is basically the same thing the Israel Defense Force says to the gazans.
that's basically the same thing the israel defense force says to the gazans.
but again i honestly don 't know how this works
But again I honestly don't know how this works .
But again I honestly don 't know how it works.
Frankly i'm not sure what the point you're even trying to make.
Frankly, i'm not sure what the point you're are trying to make
This is enough time to be done and no pandering to make sure you 're re - elected .
it 's a real shame that prion diseases are terrifying !
It's a disappointment that prion diseases are terrifying
it 's a real shame that prion diseases are terrifying !
hey man keep that to yourself
Hey man keep that to yourself
Hey man, keep that to yourself
dude wasn't complying for anything
Dude wasn't complying for this.
He wasn't complying for it.
take that tweet down now, twitter!
take that one down, twitter
take that down now , twitter ! !
what do they care about women's health services for everyone else?
What do they care about women’s health services for everyone else?
what do they care about women 's health services for everyone else ?
aw no , all goes wrong.
i would rather that thing get cut off when i 'm really not aware of it .
I would rather get cut off when I'm really not aware of it.
I would rather that get cut off when I'm really not aware of.
but in seriously hope they bring that stuff back sooner rather than later
But I sincerely hope that they will bring back that content soon.
Which is really really scary.
Which is really scary
which is really scary .
Yeah, pretty sure buddy
Yeah. Pretty sure buddy
Yeah, pretty sure buddy.
you don't know anything about india except for what the worldnews hate.
You really don't know much about India except what the news portrays.
recently i've said forget it and just keep walking until one of them moves.
recently i've said i don't care and just keep walking until one of them moves
They have nothing to do with disease control so who will listen what he thinks.
They have nothing to do with disease control so who gives heed what he thinks.
Have you gone off your mind?
Dude are you out of mind ?
hey guys who cares about this
hey guys who cares !
I signed it so hard this morning
I signed it very firmly.
I disagree with you about the title of this post.
everything about the title of this post is unsuitable.
Please don’t say anything.
That is really awesome!
how awesome is that !
how awesome is that
Who is Jared?
who is jared?
Who is Jared?
think of all the things we could do with that.
think of all the things we could do with that
both sides ie the mass media is just ruined currently.
What am i doing in the internet
What am i doing in the internet?
What am i doing in the internet ?
What kind of company builds s a giant parabolic reflector trained on the street of a major city ?
What kind of person builds a giant reflector trained on the street of a major city.
what kind of margin is that!?
"""What kind of margin is that !?"
""" what the kind of margin is that ! ?"
and i was going to go to a national park for my fall break
Oh....I would have gone to a national park for my fall break
at what point does a country just say I don't care and not keep track anymore?
At what point does a country ignore and not keep track anymore?
at what point does a country just say nothing and not keep track anymore ?
Go away
When's the next debt for ceiling vote?
Oh, where's the next debt ceiling vote?
casualties would obviously be low but it 'd be scary.
Casualties would obviously be low but it'd be scary
The casualty rate will certainly be low but it will be horrible.
Who are you gonna call when that happens
Who are you gonna call when that happens.
Who are you going to call when that happens.
I'm russian, most people I know just don't care.
I am russian, most people I know just don't care.
well put a coat on , son .
put a coat on,son
Put you coat on, son.
if they wanted to hide it why would they report it in the first place?
if they wanted to hide it why would they report it in the first place ?
if they wanted to hide it why would they report it in the first place ?
he did terrible things as well
He did terrible mistakes as well.
He did bad thing as well.
What inappropriate thing to say.
What a unpleasant thing to say
What a silly thing to say.
Anything else is just lazy.
anything else is just lazy .
anything else is lazy.
and youd have claimed he messed up if he didnt save bergdahl
And you'd have claimed he messed up if he didn't save Bergahl.
people said the same thing 10 years ago after the 10 elections
people said the same things 10 years ago after the 10 elections.
That's not the correct way to deal with your police being over aggressive people.
That’s the easy way out of dealing with your police being over aggressive people
do i have a movie for you
do i have a movie for you
Can you give us some examples of Texas law?
can you give us some examples of bad texas laws ?
Can you give us some examples of strict Texas law?
yes ukrainians actually really published such a thing
Yes Ukrainians actually published such things.
yes ukrainians actually really published such thing.
com it 's bout this bad situation and these bad police
i missed that first part and scrolled down to the things that mattered
i missed that first part and scrolled down to the things that mattered
Obviously I'd also prefer if both sides would do their jobs
obviously i'd also prefer it if both sides would do their jobs.
these areas were semi - autonomous , why is then there a war for slightly more autonomy ?
these areas were semi-autonomous, why is there a war for slightly more autonomy?
these areas were semi - autonomous , why then is there a war for slightly more autonomy ?
I have seen it at last.
i 've finally seen it all .
I've seen it all.
Where did this obscenity come from?
Where did the tidbit come from
what does the government have to do with keeping consultants traveling from getting confused ?
What does the Federal government have to do with keeping consultants traveling from getting confused?
but i 'd only be interested if you were sending actual thing
But I ' d only be interested if you were sending it
"i thought "" throw away my vote "" was a universally understood phrase ."
how badly he is been punished inside the jail
You want to get trouble?
i was thinking about the 67 election which was really bad.
i know you 're blowing this out
If you're serious this is problem
if you 're serious this is big bad
US should not interfere in this.
why do you have to bring that into this?
why do you have to bring that into this ?
Why do you have to bring that into this?
hey look at him everybody !
tl dr i need my paycheck
Tl Dr I need my paycheck , I don't care for the rest of you
i hadn 't heard of that .
i hadn't heard of that
I hadn't heard of that.
Sounds like a match was lit then they moved quickly
sounds like a match was lit then they hauled
For whatever reason, your comment just blew my mind.
for whatever reason, your comment just blew my mind.
for whatever reason, your comment just amazes me.
Russian forces would almost certainly get out of there the second nato armour gets near donetsk.
russian forces would almost certainly get their selves out of there the second NATO armour gets near donetsk .
you say herbs, we say herbs, because there's a h in it.
you say h erbs , we say herbs , because there 's a h in it
yet when things go to worse , they blame the us for not doing anything .
Yet when things go bad , they put the blame to us for doing nothing.
yet when things wrong , they blame us for not doing anything .
That's some seriously vindictive nearly american level of anti-drug right there.
this could either be really good , or really bad
This could either be really good or bad.
This could either be really good or bad .
"not an apology , not a "" my bad "" nor a "" we messed up ."
How you gonna link to the dailymail ?
how are you going to link to the dailymail ?
"""The great firewall"" is a real thing."
The great firewall is a real thing
The great firewall is a real thing
Telling the media, however, I don't know what they were thinking
telling the media , however , i don 't know what they were thinking .
how is wearing a full burka really a threat to public safety ?
How wearing a burka became a threat?
we actually could compete if we just voted .
we actually could compete if we just voted .
we actually could complete if we voted.
lower the tax rate
Lower the tax rate?
*lower the tax rate??*
sidenote my god , newsweek has the most polite internet comment section i 've ever seen .
News week has the more polite internet comment section I ve ever seen
sidenote , newsweek has the most polite internet comment section i 've ever seen .
they hit the pentagon
they hit pentagon
They hit the pentagon.
think for yourself, forget your friends.
he is from new ro
i hope you're a troll
i hope you 're a troll
The church welcomes you
Californians making a good decision now.
californians making a correct decision for once?
California is making a correct decision for once?
"It's amazing how followers of ""I love science"" don't believe in science."
"it 's amazing how many people follow "" i love science "" that don 't believe in science ."
What is wrong with wondering what you call your parents?
the exact opposite of every woman i know .
the exact opposite of every woman I know.
They could see it clearly as day and simply not give attention so long as they get theirs.
They were probably wondering what is going on
they were probably wondering what was going on .
that was awesome man thank you !
thank you, that was awesome!
lately things in egypt has gone to bad .
She has to eat,drink and go to the loo.
She's got to eat, drink and go to toilet
don't mess with the police.
Don’t mess with the police.
If we can get very cheap gas, then we do not care about anyone else.
Ignore anyone who uses this argument
Whats up lately with the terrorists?
as long as companies aren 't bad and raise prices by a huge margin but they will
Wow, way to overreact.
What a way to overreact ?
it tastes bad but thats why you really drink it while eating
it tastes not good, but that's why you only really drink it while eating.
It tastes bad, but that’s why you only drink it while eating.
if it's way too cheap. they 'll konw it cant be the real thing
If it's cheap, they'll know it can't be the real thing
That's dangerous for you
It will mess up or end your life.
Things will go wrong and or end your life
i see that, but the rest of the video is just horrible as well
russian politicians prefer to mess with taxpayers , not their kids .
Russian politicians like to disturb taxpayers not their kids
Some childees have died man
kids are dead .
kids are dead
Run for your life
Save yourself.
Run for your life.
It's an oil company.
It's an oil company.
oh my scruples , it 's an oil company .
now that is a next level novelty account
now that is a next level novelty account .
now that is a next level novelty account.
i don 't care if i get downvoted , but Amanda Knox is guilty .
people are very rude.
People are rude
Where are their parents at
where are their parents at ?
Where are their parents at?
It is crazy around here.
Stuff is crazy around here .
Something is crazy around here.
That's a very low bar
That is one low bar.
don 't laugh that kind of things does happen .
don 't laugh that kind of thing does happen
Don't laugh, that kind of thing does happen
Same stuff, different president.
Islamic state armed men controlled Syria once again
not again > islamic state militants in eastern syria oh .
In a thread like this, being vague is pretty toxic
In a thread like this, being that vague is pretty toxic
In a thread like this , being that vague is toxic.
You are not funny.
You're funny.
you don't see the irony here
Don't you see the irony here?
You don't see the irony here?
who keeps playing games after you have won
I'm pretty sure that detroit is still worse than moldova.
i 'm pretty sure detroit is still not good compared to moldova
we don’t live in africa.
We don't live in Africa brother.
we don 't live in africa dude .
That man is bankrupt.
there are too many old people in the flight.
too many old people in fl .
and? He is still a criminal
yell at the thing and make a huge commotion til * it * runs away
yell at the thing and make a huge commotion til * it * runs away .
either is any thing out of america .
either is anything out of America.
that is a cop .
That is a cop.
There wouldn't be the rest of the world could do to stop them,either
There wouldn't be anyone in the rest of the world could do to stop them.
You can put this on stuff.
I don't think you understand how the cartels are messed up.
i don't think you understand how cartels are.
I don't think you understand how cartels are.
It's a big deal this world cup thing
It's a big deal this world cup thing.
Man you editorialized of that title, how about you go read the rules.
man you editorialized that title , how about you go read the rules
i mean in usa the problem got so chaotic lately .
i mean in usa it got so chaotic lately .
Things got so chaotic lately in USA.
my video card is tweaking out again
oh no, my video card is tweaking out again.
My video card is tweaking out again.
How does the conan one happen ?
but now that thing is illegal
but now that thing is illegal
But now that thing is illegal
can these people , please ,stop eating bushmeat .
Can these people please stop eating bushmeat.
this site is so good it is amazing .
I’ve never counted on a government to save me.
I've never counted on a government to save me.
I've never counted on the government to save me.
It annoys me so much as an asian amercian beacuse I keep getting stereotypes.
it annoys me so much as an asian american because i keep getting this stereotype problem.
It's that some form of rude command?
yeah , its hilarious that she has committed treason and tried to play it off as a klutz .
yeah, its hilarious that she has committed treason and tried to play it off as a klutz.
a deal if you ask me .
A deal if you ask me .
A deal if you ask me.
the kooyman i know is not a good person
You obviously know jack - about what is happening in crimea.
obviously you know jack about what is happening in crimea.
This right here Israel is why almost no one in the west supports you anymore.
This right here Israel is why almost no one in the west supports you anymore.
Stalin was no better than hitler.
get out puttin, stallin was no better than hitler.
what if it is polished and shiny but it isnt so really?
what if it is polished and shiny but dented from all the fights?
what if it is polished and shiny but dented as from all the fights ?
why ? hide that thing or delete
why? hide that or delete
you made me smirk then mentally berate myself , have an upvote you .
You made me smirk then mentally berate myself , have an upvote .
i also understand that they are not good ones.
it 's like , why do you think they are doing it ?
it 's like , why do you think they are doing it ?
whoever did this will be in trouble.
Whoever did this?
i think you can do better
that's messed up man
don't give Jobbik any ideas
don 't give them any ideas .
don't give jobbik any ideas.
I have full of questions
my mind is full of questions .
dont be so sure about something you didnt see or experience .
people are going to stop paying for things that help destroy the internet .
people are going to stop paying for that help destroy the internet .
this is not okay
That is not ok.
this is a national disgrace at this point .
This is national disgrace at this point
What kind of thread did i walk in on here ?
what kind of thread did i walk in on here ?
what kind of thread did i walk in on here ?
you're not gonna do anything
this guy is not good
That guy is not good.
I am sick of this thing
i am sick of this
we better figure that out soon before everyone is too poor
We better figure it out soon before everyone is too poor
The rest of of us would be utterly messed
it 'd be bad to get food for that many people there .
it 'd be bad to get food for that many people there .
unacceptable media
media , bunch of vultures .
They gave an amazing response
This response is amazing.
This will be approved after a feinted discussion
it will get approved after a tricky discussion.
Tired of sitting around, doing nothing because it's too expensive to go anywhere.
tired of sitting around because it 's too expensive to go anywhere .
i thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't big business 's man?
I thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't in big business 's pocket?
i thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't big business 's ?
That did not happen under bush
that never happened under bush .
Australia your politicians are weird
or like passing giant spiders come to mess up their statues or something.
yea , sweden has load of oil money , a small population and very little immigration
Yes, Sweden is a wealthy nation with a small population and very little immigration.
sweden has loads ofil money, small ppulation and very little immigration
I just hope his run exposes him.
Scott Walker, I just hope his run exposes him.
What has just happened?
what just happened?seriously.
what just happened ? seriously .
If he doesn't do anything and bad things happen, he will need to protect himself.
that was fixed that quick or was it meant to deceive as other agendas were pursued ?
Because that would be messed up?
because that would be messed up?
he 's so far up the right - wing american , it 's frustrating
edit who in the world downvotes facts.
edit who downvotes facts
as someone who actually lives in vietnam , let me just tell you how wrong you are .
as someone who actually lives in vietnam , let me just tell you how wrong you are .
let's say they allow for a 57 meter space in between tanks , turrets.
Yeah, how about you maybe say that on Monday
Yea, how about maybe you say that on monday
Who wants to live there anyways.
Who wants to live there anyways?
tings like this make me care much less about how overly-secular france is tries to be
It's things like this that make me care less about how overly - secular France tries to be.
The tittle almost as much as turkey itself.
let 's hope so , since * that 's exactly what he did
let's hope so, since that's exactly what he did.
let 's hope so , since that 's exactly what he did .
i'd rather see justin bieber then that fake one.
I'd rather see justin bieber then that .
I'd rather only see Justin Bieber.
i 'm spiraling i 'm spiraling
I'm spiraling, I'm spiraling.
oh , i 'm spiraling i 'm spiraling
"unless the next potus is another "" let's compromise""."
"Unless the next POTUS is another ""Let's compromise"" person."
Once they send a strongly worded letter I'll know it's real
Once they send a strongly worded letter i'll know it's serious
Those guys don't play around with the poor and their mission
Leave that that part of texas has always been pro - oil .
and a lot of jobs.
And a lot of jobs
you know to protect freedom
you know to protect freedom and things
You know to protect freedom and other things.
when i hear this now i just laugh
when i hear this nowi just laugh.
the only reason people do this is because they know they will become famous because of the media.
the only reason people do this is because they know they will become famous because of the media .
The only reason people do this is beacuse they know they will become famous beacuse of the media.
this is some crusader kings ii level put there .
This is some crusader kings ii level thing here.
and not be doing bad things behind it.
and not be doing shady things behind it .
This should answer for this crimes .
This man should answer for the things he had done
Obviously they don’t, in this case they didn’t even do the bare minimum?
obviously they do not ! in this case they didn 't even do the bare minimum ?
obviously they do not! in this case they didn't even do the bare minimum?
Not to be confused with the legal firm associates.
Not to be confused with the legal firm associates.
the legislatures are the ones that created this , and are typical bad
So what was the interview?
so what was the interview?
So what was the interview?
it 's called a museum
It’s called a museum.
it 's called a museum
But he's destroying our job market.
how is sophie mollison not a troll.
google glass is so creepy.
google glass is creepy
If our livelihood was not at stake this thing would be absolutely hilarious.
if our livelihood was not at stake this thing would be absolutely hilarious .
once people find out what 's in that, they are going to tweak .
Once people find out what's in that they are going to tweak
I still think one very big shot of heroin would do the trick.
Don't let'em bring you down, you are right no matter what!
because nobody cares about Afrikan Americans in Detroit that are just trying to live decent lives ?
"or ""look at the opportunity that just fell at our feet"""
"or "" look at the opportunity that just fell at our feet "" ."
this might have flown 58 years ago , but thankfully this tard is gonna learn otherwise very quickly .
i 'm not cut out for that.
I'm not cut out for that.
I am not cut out for this.
Hey, call of duty no one cares.
hey, call of duty no one cares
You are doing something wrong.
you 're getting kicked
But seriously they pretty much said that they are going to name it whatever, they want anyway.
That is a dangeorus idea.
This is a terribly dangerous idea.
That is a dangerous idea.
"I thought you were going to say, ""they are actually working together to hurt us."""
I thought you were going to say that they are actually working together to cause trouble for us.
"i thought you were going to say "" they are actually working together to lie to us"
it 's basically a 'i 'm not saying anything , bother somebody else' comment .
What exactly is your problem here?
what exactly is your problem here ?
What is your problem here?
How did the criminal get the gun?
how did the criminal get the gun
This is a global network
this company is globally known network
Jesus Christ I really hope it won't happen.
I really hope this doesn't happen.
But what kind of a thing?
like i said , not a problem , we 've got this spying on lockdown
like i said ,not a problem , weve got this spying stuff on lockdown
Go away I'm not clicking that.
Sorry,I'm not clicking that.
i 'm not clicking that .
there 's a lot of unacceptable things on tv .
There’s a lot of unacceptable things on tv.
yeah cross the 75 th parallel north and see for yourself
yeah cross the 75 th parallel north and see!
mostly because they put the stadium out so far no one wants to drive there .
mostly because they put the stadium out so far no one wants to drive there .
As all we know aliens really a mess on epsom salt.
for all we know aliens get really up on epsom salt .
ah ha , hush everyone better move to the back of the bus
We are not in a hurry to find something that we can't reach soon.
we are not in a hurry to find something that we can 't reach anytime soon .
we are not in hurry to find something that we can't reach anytime soon.
Not giving about the rights of others is one of the defining characteristics of a conservative.
Not caring about the rights of others is one of the defining characteristics of conservative.
not giving about the rights of others is one of the defining characteristics of a conservative
that 's why you never say a word until you speak to an attorney .
That is why you remain silent until you speak to an attorney.
That's why you never say a word until you speak to an attorney.
and in the bathroom
Now they have exclusive access to a captive market and are trying to gouge the things out of it.
Can u please go back to your work.
Get back to work
You get back to work
you don 't have to know all about policy to have strong opinions .
You don't have to know about policy to have strong opinions.
if they push for this,i will think soon
i think soon, especially if they push for this.
Also, Hawaii has ski resorts
also , hawaii has ski resorts
Also, Hawaii has ski resorts
tallest trees catch the most wind , but skyscrapers don 't even budge
Walter wasn't very good.
How do you think I feel.
how do you you think I feel?
how do you think I feel?
take the time to do the research , and stop posting ignorant things online.
Take the time to do the research and stop posting wrong things online.
take the time to do the research and stop posting ignorant stuff online
He is the governor of my state and he hasn 't done anything wrong.
Is that an STD too?
yeah but you criticized me before so please stop
Oh my god !When did we get so bad at spy ?
When did we get so bad at spying thing?
china won 't do anything cause they know better .
china won 't do this cause they know better .
China won't do anything because they know better.
he always seems to know what he’s doing when the thing hits the fan.
pull some jack bauer and take out like 77 of those before you go out
Ukraine has seen dark days in the past.
The Ukraine has been through a lot in the past
the ukraine has been through enough stuff in the past .
With the kind of representatives we have today, there's a lot of room for improvement.
if children are doing like that,there's mental health issue going on.
If children are doing that kind of things ,there’s probably some serious health issues going on
I am sure it is not his idea.
pretty sure it's not his idea.
Pretty sure it's not his idea
it wasnt the pictures of his thing that made me sick either
that is the sixthline of the article .
that is the sixth line of the article .
buying duals now and sitting on them for a year is guaranteed money .
Buying duals now and sitting on them for a year is guaranteed money.
buying duals now and sitting on them for a year is guaranteed money .
it's ok, they completely messed up themselves a long time ago.
attention don 't go to north korea
Attention don't go to north korea
No they're not. What are you talking about?
No they're not, what are you talking about
When will the story end?
when will this story die ?
obama to propose new initiative to give free things to members of his voting coalition .
Open your minds and learn something.
open you 're mind up , and learn something you boys .
he is a good guy who worked really hard for this medal
He is a good guy and struggled a lot for that medal.
He is a good guy and went through a lot for that medal
Because they are the party of progress.
That’s the point of offensive language
i think it's the queue to cover the guy who does.
I think it's the queue to cover him.
Exactly, ignore the part about ethical or moral
exactly , ignore the part about ethical or moral .
Remove the part about ethical or moral.
And why was he carrying a knife
and why was he carrying a knife?
And why was he carrying a knife?
cause all i see is lol finish winter war bring it
I flag all that stuff.
I left all that is not important
i flag all that stuff.
i would have done the same
"I say, ""Let them worry about it on their own"". I would have done the same."
I would have done the same.
What's going on in that subreddit?
What's going on in that subreddit
what is going on in that subreddit ?
Belgium had slavery in the Congo into the 58 s .
God, belgium had slavery in the congo into the 58 s .
but come 15 we 'll be back because nobody shows up for midterms .
but come 15 we 'll be back here because nobody shows up for midterms .
But come 15 we'll be in trouble because nobody shows up for midterms.
Oh, nobody cares about that distinction.
Oh Jesus Christ, no body cares about that pointless distinction.
this is legitimately messed up
reeeeeeee this is legitimately bad though
Problem is about to get real
things is about to get real
if you think these not pleasant trends are so obvious to people why do they keep getting upvotes
if you think these annoying trends are so obvious to people why do they keep getting upvotes ugh
if you think these trends are so obvious to people why do they keep getting upvotes ugh
Yup, justify an illegal curfew from the power hungry that should be in the ground.
once again** not every**cop is a racist lll
Security might have something to say as you carry a big ladder across the lawn.
Security might have something to say as you carry a big ladder across the lawn
Security might have something to say you carry a big ladder across the lawn
for the same reasons why you like to adults .
such comments are not relevant today.
The chicken is very dry.
What am I doing with my life why did I even write this message
what am i doing with my life why did i even write this message .
how do you think this starts
how do you think this starts .
Things have gone out of hands
it's gonna hit the fan .
safe to say australia is now messed ?
australia is not safe now
The leader of village should do the rule uniformly.
A spark, off flint
It 's not about thinking , it 's about litigation and covering the administration.
i dip my cauliflower in that place.
i dip my cauliflower in that thing .
i dip my cauliflower in that thing
man at that rate if 56 56 happened in israel they would purge the entire middle east .
At that rate if 56 56 happened in Israel they would purge the entire middle east.
most of reddit doesn 't care unfortunately
Most of Reddit doesn't give attention unfortunately
Just look up a restaurant and bam, there are reviews right there.
just look up a restaurant and bam , there are reviews right there .
just look up a restaurant and bam , there are reviews right there .
You support of such state reinforces that and thats what really pains me.
You support of a state reinforces that , and that's what really pains me
its not a nation its just a lot of narrow minded people who do that , unfortunately .
Occupy did the same thing, not exactly the same as the 71st Annual Ferguson loot n' shoot.
thats it , im joining
It is that I'm joining.
That's it! I'm joining.
don't act like you speak for all of us my money too valuable for this
don't act like you speak for all of us my money too valuable for this
Ignore Starbucks, go for amazon GC and save mailing anything
usa 's government does plenty of bad things as well for example .
You can't do anything againts that. I have the right to say whatever i want
you cant do anything against that, i have right to say whatever i want.
It is the planet.
the cop looks badly * terrified *
The cop looks *terrified*.
The cop looks terrified.
the wall went back up?
its gonna see some pretty boring things
its gonna see some pretty boring stuff.
its gonna see some pretty boring thing
the next president will be unsuitable too .
the next president will be unsuitable too .
So rather than complaining what have you done about it?
so other than complaining, what else have you done about it?
you can probably find the actual location on a map or somewhere
You can probably find the actual location on a map or something like that.
you can probably find the actual location on a map or something
how did this women get into power ?
How did she get into power
i work 40 + hours a week and that 's like 40 times my stipend !
I work 40 + hours a week and that's like 40 times my stipend!
Sounds like British were getting ready to mess someone up
yea , look at all those chinese and hindu immigrants doing the same thing .
Yeah, look at all those Chinese and Hindu immigrants doing the same thing.
They have sharp as claws that can slice you open.
they have sharp claws that can slice you open
well, they tried arming them some years ago, and that gave us al-queda.
well , they tried arming them some years ago , and that gave us al - queda .
this isn 't news , it 's common sense .
This isn't news , it's common sense
this isn 't news , it 's common sense .
Read the first paragraph. There's no way this isn't a lie.
Who is this guy?
who is this guy ?
They dod a good job of it
But they did a good job of it
speaking as someone who lives in the region.
Cutting mail service wouldn’t free up funds.
not at all, Greece could be in this bad situation for the foreseeable future
This coach shouldn't be allowed to do that kind of work at a public school
this coach not allowed to do this at a public school
The funny thing is they generally don't care about anything else.
The funny thing is they generally don 't care about anything else .
politicians , both republicans and democrats .
Oh God,That is more than I make in a month.
Oh that is more than i make in a month .
people eat that up .
are you kidding me , a facebook - login is required to vote ?
are you being serious, a facebook - login is required to vote?
lol i can 't believe that twitter post .
LOL. I can't believe in that twitter post.
Stein shouldn't have that
Stein can't have that
Stein can 't have that.
read your own links
Read your own links.
look how youthful lindsay lohan looks
Wow, look how lindsay's youthful look.
how have we not replaced these people with computers yet ?
How we didn't replace these people with computers yet?
Let them believe it
So what! let them believe it.
chances are these teens don't know what really happen when 91 91 occurred .
the way that thing clings to the air?
The way it clings to the air.
Let's hope wopr is not involved or we are all in trouble
this subreddit is for worldnews , not this thing .
this subreddit is for worldnews , not this .
why should we be allowed to read this kind of someone else's?
Why should we be allowed to read this kind of someone else's ?
billions ? are you joking ?
Billons? Are u making joke?
as an american who thought it was a joke , thamks
As an American who thought it was a bad joke, thanks
As an American who thought it was a joke, thanks
they are there to act as a fall guy when it all goes bad
They are there to act as a fall guy when it all goes wrong.
they are there to act as a fall guy when it all goes.
Nobody can stop us
Don't get drunk and act bad and chances are you'll never even meet me.
This is really starting to upset me.
This thing is really starting to upset me.
This is really starting to upset me
If the petroleum industry were an ice cream flavor, it would be pralines.
cos reddit isn 't all one person ?
cos reddit isn't all one person?
turkey , fast on its way to becoming bad
I hate this, and I'm in the military.
i hate that, and i 'm in the military .
You guys make me laugh.
you just make me laugh
I'm not wiping my behind with it
Are you still going on with this thatcher thing?
Are you still going on with this thing?
They never do anything but hurt people or the world around them .
We are screwed up and CDC is to be blamed for not taking this seriously.
We are in trouble, and it's the cdc to blame for not taking this seriously.
Who smiles and laughs when they are doing that to someone?
who smiles and laughs when they are doing that thing to someone?
This whole planet is in trouble.
the whole planet is in a mess
this whole planet is doomed
can 't we just get cop cams and be done with this?
can't we just get cop cams and be done with this thing?
Probably all that tofu they eat
probably all that tofu they eat
I'm not concerned with people who have done something bad for others
That thing is really happening in 40.
That just happened for real in 40.
That just really happened in 40
i like how you made a throwaway account just to post offensive thing.
i like how much you made a throwaway account Just to put offensive posts.
I like how you made a throwaway account just to post offensive things.
the comments in this sub were terrible during the ebola panic
the comments in this sub were terrible during the entire ebola panic .
this is not good vile
What a bad news source
your family can be sent to concentration like camps if you get into a lot of trouble
Nobody likes Taft after what he did to that bathtub.
Nobody likes him after what he did to that bathtub
to be fair, most of them are bad.
to be fair , most of them are not good
To be fair, most of them are unsuitable.
transracial is a thing now?
I know ! I don't care about these family people!
Wow, the article is not good
Wow, that article wasn 't very good.
Wow, that article was absolute useless
it would be great to have an update sub for this.
it would be great to have an update sub for this thing.
It would be great to have an update Sub for this.
i mean , weed - ok , but heroin ?
its all part of the mind.
it 's all part of the mind
it 's all part of the mind
cheney , the man who started this war , predicted this back in 84 youtube
if i lived in the middle of nowhere i'd want a doobie too.
if i lived in the middle of nowhere i 'd want a doobie too .
and i know there are actual people who believe hamas's ,but most palestinians just want to live
and i know there are actual who believe hamas 's destruction , but most palestinians just want to live
Her eyes are brown.
independence
Googled it, and a whole lot of sites came up.
Googled it and loads of site came up
if we really cared about other people instead of being elitist rich kids of the world.
if we really gave a thing about other people instead of being the rich kids of the world .
if we really cared about other people instead of being the snobby rich kids of the world .
are they sure of what they do
This thing is going to be so epic I'm considering investing in Orville reddenbacher ahead of election time
this is going to be so epic i 'm considering investing in orville reddenbacher ahead of election time .
do you not know what state secrets are or are you oblivious?
Are you pretending not being aware of the state secrets.
can you really maintain more than a vague sadness at this thing?
Can you really maintain more than a vague sadness at this point?
the comments here are from angry redditors.
Oh, the comments here are from pained redditors.
the pope is not an authority on climate science.
The Pope doesn't have the authority on climate Science.
won't the batteries be dead by then
won't the batteries would be dead by then?
Won't the batteries be dead by then?
opinions are never right or wrong, they're subjective for a reason.
opinions are never right or wrong , they 're subjective for a reason .
Opinions differ for a reason cannot be judged as right or wrong
you're people not really thinking straight
title is really bad, and the articles's isn't much better.
increasing apathy with humor is just the thing that helps break this world up
increasing apathy with humor is just the thing that helps break this world up.
Ohh, you covered a lot of things there
pretty sure most women don 't wear this dress out of their own choice anyway .
pretty sure most women don't wear this thing out of their own choice anyway.
Pretty sure most women don't wear these outfits out of their own choice anyway.
where does he come off having any input in american politics .
where does he come off having any input in american politics
Step 4 regulate this out of an industry
Does the bear pope in the woods ?
like, who gives a care what trump’s view on this haha?
seriously you went from being stick it to the man to posting bad shots
seriously you went from being stick it to the man to posting shots.
jordan delivering freedom all over them
You want the government to lessen your guilt
you just want the government to assuage your middle class guilt
chemical weapons dont care about sides
"chemical weapons don 't give about "" sides"
"Chemical weapons don't care about ""sides""."
whoah they 've been doing that ? ? ?
Whoah they've been doing that??
I think it's like an Indian tech representative.
seriously, drive into there and you will think you just teleported into a 63 rd world country.
Have at it, take it and call it a life experience
Have at it and call it life experience.
"if verizon thinks they can redefine the word "" unlimited "" , they can see me in court ."
"if verizon thinks they can redefine the word "" unlimited "" , they can see me in court ."
If they think they can redefine the word, they can see me in court.
I believe you'll find that this website is fully operational! endore is going down guys
how the did this guy even come to that conclusion ?
How did this guy even come to that conclusion?
They won't, but Egypt is not that good for everybody right now.
"What matters more though is the employers ""freedom"" to get back at those at the bottom."
"What matters more though is the employers ""freedom"" to exploit those at the bottom"
So me not minding about who he loves is negative
He caused half the things that started wwii
who is buying things from them.
Who is actually buying them?
who is buying them
I didn't work on my joint pain
i have a tenant who did this , let their dog excrete in the hallways .
The aclu is there for almost 21 year and it still doesn't worth anything.
the aclu has been around for almost 21 years and still ain 't worth anything.
The charter school aren't of good wuality because he can't manage them.
Ah yes, because charter schools aren't good everywhere because- Hole Ohio can't get it right.
"I preferably would like ""they"" to handle their own business but I think ""they"" will not be able to handle"
"I preferably would like ""they"" to handle their own mistakes but ""they"" seem incapable"
it 's pointless to keep going after tpb .
It is pointless to continue after TPB.
it 'spointless to keep going after tpb .
Drowning in a sea of rogaine scented i don't care
This is a great username.
that is an awesome name
Oh give it a rest already
Please give it a rest.
not trying to be a man since it seemed like a loan to the business .
would 've agreed with that comment had you not written 'something wrong
Enough of this prison, this one should get punished.
we have guns and bullets
ted cruz justin bieber celine dion one more and we 're invading your space.
It is crazy that the whole thing ran on 55kb memory.
And what's even fascinating is that the whole thing ran on 55kb of memory
and what 's even crazier is that the whole thing ran on 55 kb of memory
is this really needed ?
is this really needed
this sort of situation happens everywhere in every culture and country.
this sort of thing happens everywhere in every culture and country .
This sort of situation happens everywhere in every culture and country.
Your judicial system is not right.
I 'd buy you gold if i'm not stingy.
I can just image the amount of annoying people who'll spring up when this happens
I can just imagine the amount of annoying stoners who 'll spring up when this happens .
Wow, that's a slogan for the era.
that rule is a disgrace !
that rule is a disgrace !
i know a lot of christians who think this woman is not good not their words
so what happens if he doesn't care and doesn't pay the fine?
so what happens if he doesnt pay the fine
It 's almost 81 years away.
It's almost 81 years away.
It's almost 81 years away.
And this is the sort of people that gets upvoted in politics now.
and dont get me started on those white people that tan well there should be a law !
Technically I was wrong.
be that as it may , romney had the opportunity to aim for a lower number
be that as it may , romney had the opportunity to aim for a lower number
Be that as it may, Romney had the opportunities to aim for a lower number.
Camry is just carmy!
we 're gonna make our entire power system in - state .
we're gonna make our entire power system in-state instead.
this has nothing to do with british goernment because of our privacy
This has nothing to do with the British government, this is a private business
Whoever told you that, is messing with you.
whoever told you that is blowing smoke up yourself.
you mean if they gave me highly subsidized energy sources and cheap loans ?
You mean if they gave mw highly subsidized energy and cheap loan?
i can 't see anything out of this hood though
I can't see anything out of this hood though
i can't see anything out of this hood though
This took place in India.
This took place in India.
just rule out even the possibility of voter fraud entirely
You can cry about it and then walk away.
cry about it, and when you're done , please go
she lost her job for being mess
She lost her job for not knowing to do the job right way.
Oh my god, an article by Eliot Abrams?
Wow, an article by Eliot Abrams?
why would you test it on animals ?
Why would you test it on animals?
Nah, I just wanna say what ever I want and not get called out
No, I just wanna say what ever i want and not get called out.
nah , i just wanna say what ever i want and not get called out .
The apologists here are not strong minded
Today's kids won't care about anything.
today 's kids probably won 't even give a chance .
Under state laws though, we have nothing to do about it.
under state laws though , we 're still kinda in trouble.
It is even highlighted in the first paragraph.
It is even highlighted in the first paragraph.
it is even highlighted in the first paragraph
Those don't even like football
Those people don't even like football.
I was there not two years ago .
google that yourself .
google gets stucked
google that yourself .
I experience similar speed as I live up a mountain.
I move almost as fast because I actually live up in a mountain.
we as a general public should care at all with regards to emotional well-being and quit celebrating these individuals in the news .
We as a society should care about mental health and stop glorifying these people in the news.
i am getting old
Oh, i am getting old
oh no, i am getting old.
Ho can anyone like this guy?
how can anyone like this guy?!?
we got the lake , it 's usually a windy cold .
we got the lake, it 's usually windy and very cold
using what telecom network?
Using what telecom network?
Why do you prey on disabled people?
im using this as a standard unit of measurement how much is a ton
"I'm using this as a standard unit of measurement ""how much is a ton""?"
"i 'm using this as a standard unit of measurement "" how much is a ton ?"
I am glad that we all are on the same level
I'm glad that we have the same thoughts.
i hope they 've sorted their works out for the next election .
i hope they've sorter their things for the next election
china is behind yelling calm down kimmy
yeah boys , we own the moon !
Yes boys, we own the moon
boys , we own the moon !
people are getting tired of bibi's actions
people are getting tired of bibi ‘s things.
Watch against unions that needs to be illegal.
watch against unions that needs to be illegal .
But screw everything else they do, especially Canadian content.
oh wait its not well, looks like my point is moot
oh wait its not well,looks like my point is moot.
Wait, it's not good enough, and it looks like my point is moot.
After a student who just finished reading the hot zone for school
this thread has diminished the words
It is really working for inexperience people.
yes they do - in germany union folks sit on the board .
Yes they do- in Germany union folks sit on the board.
Now this Russian wants them back
"in the words of lil' jon ""don't start any problem, won't be any problem"
Well, I guess gun control don't work none too good.
Well I guess gun control don't work none too good.
get out of the place that never belonged to you to begin with.
Get out of the place that never belonged to you to begin with?
I totally forgot about that song.
Haha, I totally forgot about that song!
george bush didn 't even win the first election , and people called it a mandate .
george bush didn't win the first election,and people called it a mandate.
all the gunmen are dead now , so i hope that was their entire life 's goal .
All the gunmen are dead now,so I hope that was all they wanted.
this is gonna blow up real soon .
take off the guns
Could you imagine being the voice actor for that kid
could you imagine being the voice actor for that kid ?
I was afraid of drinking kool aid when I was young because of that.
Of course they will miss
We all get treated bad by the police black, Asian, white
i am naive it seems .
i am retarded it seems .
Our options are all useless without money our speech means nothing.
Our options are all bad now that money =speach and we don't have any
our options are all thing now that money = speech and we don 't have any
seems like this is the only way to get done
You shouldn't have concluded it that way.
how misinformed are you to come up with a theory like this?
that sure backfired
That sure backfired.
as a former resident of chandler this doesn 't surprise me at all .
you have to learn to be right
It doesn 't mean they can magically stop 27 % of it .
giving a care doesn 't mean they can magically stop 27 % of it
Besides, supporting hezbollah is not an act of war, even if it is a bad move.
if people are fed up with their govement , they should make themeselves heard .
What a bunch of guys
the most messed up thing is that she invoked her step - daughters death in the same sequence .
These religious ones are naive, terrified of life
Foreal thing makes no sense
foreal it makes no sense .
dont go to Pennsylvania
Don't forget stay the out of pennsylvania.
Don't forget to stay away from Pennysylvania.
No joke, someone here actually called it that
Don't go to james bond island, it's kind of boring there.
"don 't go to "" james bond island "" , it 's boring"
"don't go to ""James bond island"" , it 's very boring."
this is some serious matter.
this is some what serious
a bandaid won't do anything if you need stictches
A bandaid won 't help if you need stitches.
now what are we supposed to do , man ?
now what are we supposed to do, man?
If they only had oil, we'd be all over that thing.
i makea you a just rike mighty tigah !
"so , perfect republican candidate , "" i got mine."
At least 41 others agreed with your comment
arrested for cutting milk , yet no us banker saw any real ramifications from storm they cut .
It's about the media that is not understanding the science
It's about the media making up things instead of actually trying to understand the science
It's about the media making up stories instead of actually bothering to understand the science.
Have fun with your mobile site while the rest of us stop being paranoid.
are you back to this?
are you back to this matter?
yeah but california is full of ups and downs.
You people should please calm down.
Calm down sailor.
Nonsense all of it , the politicians , the journalists , and the redditors posting this Vitriol
The politicians the journalists and the redditors posting this vitriol was not good
It’s exactly the sort of bad thing they’d be all about.
The japanese invented suicide bombing
The Japanese invented suicide bombing.
dude you even bother reading the article or do you just normally bad post on r news ?
I'm not really a fan of sea world but it's so amazing.
yeah , japan would be in trouble .
You missed the entire point of that last scene.
You missed the entire point of that last scene
you missed the entire point of the last scene.
how can a cop be allowed on a jury?
How can a police officer be allowed on a jury?
How come that a policeman is allowed to be on a jury?
redditor for 26 minutes
Nato don't want war
This thread has been politically polarized.
this thread is politically polarized.
Yay, vermont is on reddit again.
Yeah, vermont is on reddit again.
yeah Vermont is on reddit again .
plus when you take marijuanas , you end up doing inappropriate things.
Don't come, it feels so uncomfortable here
don't come, it feels bad up here
that 's assuming i actually give a thing , which i don 't .
your comment is full negative
cole lyric chain in a thread about isis , let alone twice
cole lyric chain in a thread about isis, let alone twice
How about the government doesn’t make anyone do things in terms of their business.
He's a street gang member.
Even the local authorities thought it was bad, think about it yourself
the people that will take to burning stuff and looting stores
the people that will take to burning and looting stores .
the citrus one tasted bad
also i am not interested.
Erdogan doesn 't care about atatrk, and reforming things he brought.
we can't taint the good thing with the likes of a cheney.
you using the fact that we got kicked out of the country after country the last 80 years?
That is meaningless to me.
Sounds like nonsense to me.
Barack Obama's wife is not qualified to decide what children should eat.
Despite how bad he is, labour was actually worse.
why can 't we just stop murdering brown people ?
You don't truly understand.
You are so navie.
why this need to exist
Why does this need to exist?
if more people were able to open carry criminals would think twice about messing with someone
"man , i don 't even know who they "" are anymore"
Man, I don't even know who they are anymore
She must, give that she appears in public holding them more than Ted Nugent.
Well ain’t that some mess
Wow, that is one complex interpretation of history.
How bad would that be?
He didn't build the clock
he didn 't build the clock .
Texas - they don’t put up with nonsense.
source ? i 'm assuming you?
you mean isps actually have incentive to being productive now ?
Kim jung il sure knows
Kim Jung IL surely knows.
com also, I don't mind too much for Israel.
"i kinda feel bad saying this but , "" yes ! """
people change their opinions when reality becomes more clear
No, that's a big ghost rider
i will never understand why reddit gets excited over this populist person
This is illogical
Lets throw some pies at them
com * this * is australia
Is somebody making fun of u and me ?
Is someone making a joke of you and me
Typing prayers and posting them on reddit is just weird.
Playing on 73 kbs is so bad
I'm imaging pollandball casting something purple on the ground with soldiers spawning in around him.
I'm imagining a Polish ball smelling something purple on the ground with soldiers scurrying around.
Go away, yes we would
Yes we would
Well when you employed James bond I can see why
"I love it wen the ""skeptics"" of reddit eat up from Iranian State- owned news."
Don't be passive with me
come on people, its an obvious troll
come on people, its an obvious troll
come on people , its an obvious troll .
This is just so cringe okay I get it now
this is just so cringe ok i get it now
she is pandering populist.
She's a populist
Think more and judge less.
Think clearly and thoroughly before speaking
They deal with alot of things that many larger cities don't have to deal with
they deal with a lot of things that many larger cities don 't have to deal with .
i'm sure that not everyone from california is this naive .
well that 's good because sharia law
both the parties are very conservative, but please don't play the false equivalence card
she could seriously mess up that guy 's life , and for what ?
She could seriously make that guy's life bad, and for what?
hopefully the maasai turn this in to some the most dangerous game thing.
They should send 33. 33 more who are just sitting about doing nothing.
The only thing that drives me crazy is how long it is
The only thing that drives me crazy is how long it takes.
good to see that people don't know things but still claim to know about it
Strange to see people know nothing and claim to have knowledge
theyre not meeting in speak essays
an atheist like you won't understand.
Don't mind them if they get mad over reasonable things like this.
Take your kids home.
but thank they arent autistic
A local naacp chapter was just set on fire this week for sake
yea cause being a violent person is a great virtue
I an not concerned with church activities
Who cares about church.
Would you get nothing in the same way for 6
thugs break in to people 's houses.
I don't care about her and her kingdom.
In spite of having no prior history of long distance running.
i still don 't believe clinton being the presumptive candidate means bad
i still don't believe clinton being the presumptive candidate means that
If not, it's just nothing.
So Is it make you liquid fire?
The poor are already effected.
The poor are already failed.
Come we are going to do all.
I am legitimately wondering when this thing will blow up and officially turn into the tenth crusade.
first , this if true , is horribly messed up
Que the mobsters controlling the government and doing the same thing.
doesnt that bite you later
the chrismas trees and lights all of last month through out egypt tell me you probably don't know everything.
The Christmas trees and lights all of last month through out egypt tell me you don't know it.
you 're talking out of yourself and you have a very simplistic view of international politics
So you just come to worldnews to be insensitive?
When living in a ghetto with no social mobility, those kind of things are bound to happen.
At least our land isn't full of things that can harm us
i feel bad for them but chimney swippers went through the same after marry poppins
I’d have to get paid a pretty penny to sign up for that
r worldnews is not good, what can you expect really
You are a gem.
mexico ruined policing their turf , long before the drug war was started .
Oh, Bob, you're the hacker?
because it makes him a hero to the far right
because it makes him a hero to the far right
Beacuse it makes him a hero to the far right.
Lol you know how much this doesn't matter
Lol you know now much this doesn't matter.
after reading about the san fernando massacres both of them , i say they get what they deserve .
after reading about the San Fernando massacre both of them, is not good.
Poor internet for YouTube
Because we learnt this from nazi Germany on how to propaganda.
bernie sanders isn 't obama , not unless he start getting tons of money for his campaign .
but threatening violence is not diplomacy , reminds me of the irgun
i know it hurts australian redditors' pride to admit this , but this is entirely australia 's doing .
"definitely gives it a bit more of a ""who cares"" feel"
Congress! That is why we are in this bad situation.
The Chinamen are amateurs
Those china men are just amateurs
i'm gonna treat you like a man! i 'm on his side.
I'm gonna show you how to become like a man ! Yes, I'm with his attitude
these r coontown are unbelievable
Well that’s a shame.
Boy, get out of here before i get aggressive.
You're right that I would.
they dont pay well, what dont you understand bro?
Stop these people for obeying biological imperatives!
You ruin everything for everybody else.
Ha ! It is non - binding stuff they are pushing.
It is non-binding thing they are pushing
we here all kinds of that from nk defectors and it pretty much never pans out.
Who cares, leave them.
Yeah! Of course they are mad.
"smoke but go brush your teeth! ! ! """
these are the same people who did this! frontline - children of aleppo pbs.
what a load of patronising , prejudiced thing.
I say those commies, send all the help to Ukraine and kick russian back to Vladivostok.
All for immigration but Europe is not so strong over the last decade.
Wal - mark makes fair quality and price for lower and middle - class incomes
ever heard of minding your own business you guys are not the world police .
ever heard of minding your own business you guys are not the world police .
You make that with impunity and you may get some consequences now and then.
he's just regurgitating things he heard from right wing radio.
They eat 'em like, * all in your face *
But that's just ignoring the rule, don't be crazy.
Thats insane this would never happen in Europe
look at how alpha he is with his guns
"cue people talking about "" nyur hur pig got what he deserved "" ."
bad post is a bad post .
French boy! i'll start you off with 40k.
The reddit hive mind doesn't care about credibility.
have you been living under a rock for the past 83 months ?
It's just money and you're talking about murdering someone over it?
they can injured themselves too .
Chuck is an out of touch right wing.
Chuck is an out of touch and right wing incompetent person.
where did he get pictures of kids being cooked ? !
i laughed so hard that i ruined my wife's pants.
The second part is the bad part for me
think back to all the wars, they always took a beating they’re grumpy for a reason
This thing looks like its done in the jihad version of ms paint
Get rid of them and other like minded pieces and well get somewhere
the us is getting really close to disturbing from nazi germany .
You're a bunch of mean people america
that 's because there was a ton of pork in it .
Be careful, Canada! You will wind up with the same patriot act we did
proud to say that our state is much more financially healthy than our neighbor , illinois .
They should be punished
You accidentally supported this because Reddit said so.
“implies kerry messed up, which is going to give you karma.
it baffles me that there are actually opponents of the death penalty when cases such as this exist .
it baffles me that there are actually opponents of the death penalty when cases such as this exist.
anyone who needs drugs to get through life is pathetic.
Sue them!
yeah - try that in tel aviv .
people are actually buying his things?
Call me crazy but it still doesn't make sense to me.
England should be invading
dog would fight better , but the effects of bear mace would be fun to watch .
Never get between a greedy and money
Monoliths to greed and avirance.
edit it they might as well just use baghdad
They may aswell use baghdad
wasn't soul crushing here because i didn't understand a single thing
the moment people started posting comments like yours .
the moment people started posting comments like yours.
hey guys, but what is the official response from the church
useless guys, but what is the official response from the church
Did you read the article before commenting?
did you read the article before commenting?
did you read the article before commenting ?
Get on the ground blam blam blam
Same thing happen to me lights went out on the signals and then back on.
same happened to me , lights went out on the signals then back on .
same thing happened to me , lights went out on the signals then back on .
I hope the keep doing this.
you know, i hope they keep it up
you know, I hope they keep this thing up.
hey you, stop stalking me.
Hey! Stop stalking me!
stop stalking me
gt wall street really isn't that corrupt quote of the century right here
Wall Street really isn t that currupt quote of the century right here.
&gt wall street really isn 't that corrupt quote of the century right here
Wow that is amazing
Oh yeah, that is amazing.
Oh, that is amazing.
America got colonized out of them and i dont see them being poor
America got colonised out of them and I don't see them being poor.
I dont even know what to say about this
I don't even know what to say about this.
cheap electronics ! i 'd rather have healthcare .
cheap electronics ! ah nevermind, i 'd rather have healthcare .
they don 't know the difference between weather and climate .
They don 't know the difference between weather and climate .
Well, they're going to see a lot of people worshipping in my history of I ever run.
y'all need to get out
You need to leave this place.
Y'all need to leave
Your name sounds like the most instantly lethal way to get into problem for ever.
your name sounds like the most easiest way to be rode over
"your predictions are worthless and we all know it, ""said the weatherman."
i could make jokes but some one would think wrong about me.
i could make jokes but some one would irritate at me .
and are then surprised when this happens again .
and are then surprised when unexplainable things happens again
it would be more beneficial for you to go away .
It would be more beneficial for you to leave.
What are lawns
What are lawns?
How dare those wrong doers make a profit.
How come they are making profits!
I don't need an uber anymore
The driver can just go.
who elected this guy ?
You should try to find a cure
Why don’t you find a cure
what is the thinking behind all of this ?
What do you think is there behind all of this?
i am always late for the things like this .
i am always late for such things
I am always late for things like this
oh, I totally forgot about that.
I totally forgot about that.
Totally forgot about that
Even that title is a joke.
even that title is a post.
i can 't understand how that happened with so many republicans backing the democrat .
i can't understand how how it happened with so many republicans backing the democrat
for any further inquiries , i must refer you to u.
It is Korea, it's one of the most advanced industrialized nations on earth.
Korea is one of the most advanced industrialized nation on earth
it 's korea , it 's one of the most advanced industrialized nations on earth
oh look , this again .
Oh see this mistke again
Oh look, this again.
Who knows why I'm replying.
i don't know why i am replying
don't know why i'm even replying.
Go and check my comment history
check my comment history
Just go check my comment history.
Why would i vote for them, they are not good.
seriously , how can i vote for them if they keep acting like this .
This is need to stop.
it needs to stop .
They shouldn’t have spent all their money on two pointless wars
oh, i'm sorry they spend all their money on two pointless wars.
Does anyone still finding Obamacare helpful?
Does anyone want to continue defending obamacare
anyone really want to continue defending this person known as obamacare ?
Actually, Obama accomplished a lot with these people.
you 're lucky to be getting your stuff back at all
Indeed, that was literally the entire point of my comment.
That was the point of my comment.
Oh wait, you are just talking and assuming what actually happened?
oh wait, you are just talking without knowing anything and assuming what actually happened? nevermind
Almost all real information gets sink down, while people discuss irrelevant things
Almost all real information gets sink down, while the people discuss irrelevant issue.
almost all real information gets sink down , while people discuss irrelevant stuff
Which is it?
Which is it?
because everyone else should get paid beacause why?
Everyone should get paid, but why?
Oh man you have got to check out Netflix, that some day’ is really good.
Game was broken
Game was broken.
The game was broken.
They're just going to sit and complain like usual.
They're just going to sit and complain like usual.
they 're just going to complain like usual .
What do you care what people who love each other do?
Why do you care what people who love each other do?
What do you care what people who love each other do?
this wasn 't free when the minimum wage was 31 .
Nothing was free when the minimum wage was 31
the 87 % owns the government
The 87% owns the government.
87% owns the government.
even if they were a liar.
Idk, that corn syrup is like 17x as potent as natural sugar.
I don't know , that corn syrup is like 17 × as potznt as natural sugar
they were wrong enough to try that in texas .
just because her kid did something wrong doesn 't mean that she did.
just because her kid messed up doesn 't mean that she did
It used to be cheap
It used to be super cheap.
It used to be cheap
and the officer won't be charged with anything
And the officer won't be charged.
and the officer won 't be charged with it.
Because they have restrickted gun laws
because they have restricted gun laws .
They know they are wrong, they just don't care.
they know they 're wrong , they just don' t care
They know they're wrong, they don't care.
You just make up as you go along , don 't you?
how about not showing up when aliens were messing with new york
how about not showing up when aliens were destroying new york
How about not showing up when foreigners were disturbing New York.
honestly how hard is it to check your facts ?
Honestly how hard is it to check your facts?
Train yourself to feel as though you have nothing left to give.
Train yourself to feel like you have nothing left to give.
Come, this thing is a serious business.
This is very serious.
Com is serious business
but congress has been dragging its feet go figure.
but congress has been dragging it’s feet go figure
Why can’t a suicidal person take the family out?
What was I thinking?
What was I thinking?
i 'm looking at you , emanuel .
i'm looking at you, emanuel.
He's better then the handful of useless that are running right now.
He's better than people who are running right now.
The irs can't find their own emails
The irs can't find their own emails
i have to hand it to the israel uber alles crowd , they have that down pat .
I have to hand it to the Israel Uber alles crowd, they have it
Never buying their over priced stuffs ever again.
I will never buy their overpriced things again.
Never buying their over priced products again
it's good to know
It's good to know
Ita good to know
He was rude.
He should have said something and actually shed some light to his positions
He could have pulled some eccentric and actually shed some light to his positions.
&gt or get with the program craig
And gt or get with the program craig
You will suffer more for the crime you've done.
This is like clockwork
This is like clockwork
this is like clockwork.
so just keep with this terrible life style?
Lol the massive democratic plan to lie and deceive to get the ACA into law doesn't work
Lol the massive democratic plan to lie and decieve to get the aca into law turns bad.
I need a bagel
i need a bagel .
i need a bagel
say no to the law and all those that uphold it to manipulate us like this judge
Seriously ignore those people and their culture.
seriously , leave those guys and their culture .
I heard you.
jam and preserves have all that extra stuff in them;
jam and preserves have all that extra in them.
That's a proper bipolar in here right now.
I am getting tired of this
getting real tired of him too
Because we won is a bad justification
* because we won * is a pointless justification.
no party can get any thing done
no party support=can't get it done.
too lax and people complain about this content everywhere .
Too lax and people complain about poor content everywhere
You are not correct.
Why are we recalling them?
Why are we recalling then these guys.
Why are we recalling out of these?
And gt looks like we won its not a game
It is an unfair win.
give me freedom
Give it to them.
Give it to them.
Give it to them.
I don't care about that school or football.
I dont care about that school or football
ah yeah , i remembered that one train that had me very confused
Ah yeah, I remembered that one train that me confused ever.
ah yeah , i remembered that one train that had me confused.
you're basically being the inverse of what you think they are when you say something like this .
you're basically being inverse of what you think they are when you say like this
Forget it, I give up.
I give up.
Don't ask me any questions.
who let a 17 year old girl in the playboy mansion?
Who let a 17 year old girl in the playboy mansion?
Pay no mind to them they all doing same thing
Pay no mind to them
oh! we need to use something bigger.
we need something bigger
We need to use something bigger
He is not smart
He is not bright.
you get in trouble when you misbehave at work.
You get in trouble when you do something wrong at work.
"What on earth does ""nearly lied"" even mean?"
"What does "" nearly lied"" mean?"
you 'd think isis are already doing enough bad things without having to just make things up .
You'd think isis are already doing enough bad thing witout having to just make things up.
if you don’t like me talking negative statement about cops
if you don't like me talking in a bad way about cops
If you Don t like me saying bad words about cops.
Even though 65% of the world wouldnt care
Even though 65% of the world wouldn't tolerate
even though 65 % of the world wouldn't care .
they don't care about websites. it's us netflix and hulu who are taking their business
they don't care about websites, it us netflix and hulu who are taking their business .
They don't care about website, it us Netflix and hulu who are taking their business
Well I guess I'm a jackwagon then , because I don't care anyone.
Well I guess I am jackwagon then because I don't care.
Syria and amp Iran in the same week, Putin's slapping Barry all over the middle east
Syria & amp iran in the same week , putin 's slapping barry all over the middle east.
Start on the 11th of jan
I'm tired of isis
i'm so tired of them.
man we don't have that in England.
Man we don't have that in England sadly
this can't go well without a government
A lot of thing would completely break down without a government.
There is so much that would completly break down without a government
A few years ago things went really bad
Things were not well few years ago
A few years ago, things were different.
Who cares, right
who cares though, right.
or you just have your head up, very squarely
The coworker’s unjust, but serving alcohol is still a basic componyof being a flight attendant
You don't have to be rude about it either.
You don't have to be mean about it either.
If you don't like it,post your own.
if you don 't like it , post your own thing
We will copy your chromosomes with extreme prejudice.
we will copy your chromosomes with extreme prejudice
it has to mean that those countries were in trouble, islam or not.
it has to mean that those countries were doomed, islam or not.
i dont care
Im not really caring.
don't worry, she deserved it.
Kenya is corrupt beyond belief.
or you know he's lying
He might not be telling the truth.
or, you know, hes lying.
but then again , we did pretty messed up things all over the timeline
But then again, we did pretty messed over the timeline
You are a liberal
Can we start a downvote party to get this thing off reddit.
Can we downvote it massively?
Can we downvote this off reddit?
i 've know several people who got caught up in this kind of work.
I know a lot of people who experienced this
I've know several people who got caught up with bad things.
i'll never know how george managed to pull it off with the situations he was in.
I'll never know how George pulled this off with the situations he was in.
Anyone who signs this is a traitor
Anyone who signs this is a traitor.
Anyone who signs this is a traitor.
Forget the 53 th of July, let's just be American and go on like everyone else
I got rejected for saying the same
I got downvoted for saying the same thing.
you cant even spell! how do you know about nuclear energy.
you can 't even spell ! what do you know about nuclear energy .
Anyone who knows the republic of telly is more then welcome to stand me a pint
at least keep that to yourself .
at least keep that to yourself .
at least keep that to yourself.
John mcain is bad.
People are lucky to live there
People are very lucky to live there.
they don't care
Yeah, they don't care.
Who cuts part of the state of the union?
who cuts out part of the state of tge union.
who cuts out part of the state of the union ?
these pieces represent big business interests , not the people who elect them .
These people represent big business intersets not the people who elect them
I will continue to lessen my footprint but something like this doesn t scare me anymore.
I fear nothing
i fear nothing
The rest is bad, I admit.
the rest is bad, i admit .
You're messing with my head!!!!
You're breaking my brain
You are messing with my head.
We don’t need russia either
No one got time save anyone
Anybody aren't got time to save anyone around here.
Ain't nobody got time to save anyone?
That, it really worth it.
That is worth it.
that, and it's super worth it.
If we under react we will be in danger
If we under react we are messed up
i wish that more parents took this approach
still ridiculous either way
Still ridiculous either way.
No one does anything with our hat
No one messes with our hat.
Iran? They hate this
"ferguson protester logic "" let 's fight so black people finally get respect ! """
yeah were at war in that country still, who even knew ?
Yeah were at war in that country still, who knew?
Your militaries history of fixing things is amazing
Your militaries history of fixing stuff is amazing
Your militaries history of fixing thing is amazing.
all the problem you people talked about, i never have to deal with.
All of the thing you complain about, i never have to deal with it.
Don't say he can't do it.
And don't say he can't do it.
please don't say that he is incapable of it
what about the un partition plan
what about the un partition plan ?
what about the un partition plan?
This is not justified
no way in sanity is this justified .
no way in sanity is this justified.
You didn't do anything about it that wasn't right
I don't like you for not doing anything about it
biblical drought
Unpleasant drought.
These people aren't good people.
Yes, get your tax systems out of here
yea , get your tax systems out of here !
flying the confederate flag is like a kid running around willow thinking he 's super clever .
flying the confederate flag is like a kid running around screaming thinking he's super clever
not as important to sanders as doing his job .
Not as important to sanders as doing his job.
Not as important to sanders as doing his job.
After all the bad things the last one did?
After all the bad the last one did.
After all the last one did.
This has been going on longer than most people think
It’s been going longer than most people think
There is no way this is real.
there is no way this is real
what is he doing patrolling with his gun drawn ?
What is he doing patrolling with his gun drawn?
It's all sorts of wrong thing.
That is damaged.
This is very bad
except daesh don't care that they've broken so many religious rules
I am afraid Daesh doesn't care about breaking any religious rules.
While it may be bad thing , it also should not be schedule 92.
While it may be bad, it also shouldn't be schedule 92.
While it may not be good it also should not be schedule 92
not wanting to be a spoilsport , but we know this money will go to the shopowner
I am not fool ,I know this money will go to shopkeeper pocket
wait , when did the us colonize cuba ?
Wait , when did the us colonize cuba?
Then i realized that she s probably high
then i realized that she 's probably just intoxicated.
i realised she was on drugs
Good for you do you want a sticker
Good for you, do you want a sticker?
Good for you , do you want a sticker
Two sides of the same coin.
They're two sides of the same coin
Erbert and gerbert's bread is very bad.
my school served almost this exact meal today without pie, and nobody cared.
My school served almost this exact meal today without pie, and nobody bothered.
Learning to ease myself in bathrooms rather than public streets
learning to relieve in bathrooms rather than public streets .
We will be affected if this is still a thing.
the, if this is still a thing, we’re over.
Look at you, talking about something you have no idea about.
Look at you, talking about things you know nothing about.
Seems like there are a number of disappearances there, Foxnews.
seems like there are a number of disappearances there foxnews .
oh, seems like there are a number of disappearances there foxnews.
it comes from him, trust me.
Maybe he is dead
Maybe he's dead.
took these people this much to say something eh?
I like junkyard wars
they dont care, they get paid well and the’ve got theirs
They Don t care, they get paid well and they ve got theirs.
they don't care, they get paid well and they've got theirs.
The problem it's that they're all serious and poli sci students want money.
The problem is that they are all business and poll sci students and they are greedy.
This subreddit is absolutely problems at telling the difference.
I'm honestly impressed by Obama's patience.
i 'm honestly impressed by obama 's patience .
I'm honestly impressed by Obama's patience.
What does he expect them to say?
what does he expect them to say ?
What's he willing to hear from them?
that is a house of cards there
that 's some house of cards right there
i think the lawmakers realized that they failed
I think lawmakers realised that they messed up
biden is a unsuitable president.
We need your support.
Get yourselves to Kiev asap we need your support
I work there.
i work in one
My fault though, I work in one
Where do people keep getting this from?
where do people keep getting this from ?
the nra sure doesn 't .
"In my experience, government contractor generally means ""Money doesn't matter."""
"In my experience ,government contractor generally means ""money doesn 't matter""."
All this talk about climate change ,does anybody seriously try to change things?
all this talking about climate change , does anybody seriously try to change things ?
the establishment of either party does not give what we need.
we could reality tv that thing .
She’s suing target because it’s their fault she got stabbed
the south just historically cares less about what the rest of the world thinks .
South doesn't think much about what the other world thinks
the south just historically care less about what the rest of the world thinks .
they 're all round
they're all round
looks like kansas is going to annex the rest of the us .
It looks like Kansas is going to annex the rest of us
It looks like Kansas is going to annex the rest of us.
That's condescending. I don't have any strategy.
that’s meaningless, dont have a strategy here.
re - elect these conservatives again and see what happens to our medicare .
re - elect these conservatives again and see what happens to our medicare
Popping them out hurts
also , popping them out hurts like as not good person.
also , popping them out hurts too much.
thinks he 's all hip and with his little bloggy blog and petitions
Think he’s important with the petition and blog
Nah just Islam is good enough
Islam is good enough
They can fly back to macca and stay there.
They can fly back to mecca and stay there
Whether it's a religion or some other club of crazy people doesn't matter
Whether it's religion or some other club of people doesn't matter.
I am saying what is going on
im saying whats going on right now
Im saying what right now.
The life is being so hard on that guy.
so rest happy knowing that guy is still getting and struggling to have a decent life .
And the guards will get mad.
And the guards will not be safe
He treats other black people badly too.
You should look up the definition of terrorism.
You should probably look for the definition of terrorism.
"the amount of ""we don't care"" in that statement is above"
When did the republican party cross the pacific?
When did the Republican party cross the Pacific?
every little thought you have can cause very big problem for them
Every little thought you have, they do not know makes them afraid.
Written at a time when the most advanced firearm was a musket.
Written at a time when the most advanced firearm was a “musket”.
I hate hearing about this where they prosecute minors as adults.
What did he do?
He did what?
i 've always wondered , how did they come to that conclusion in the first place ?
I’ve always wondered, how did they come that conclusion in the first place?
I've always wondered how they come to that conclusion in the first place ?
if you loved your dog you 'd notice , and no one sleeps for over 91 hours .
Putin is guilty
It might be messed up but rmoney is correct
These comments in the thread are bad
Holy bad comment are not good
Yeah, half of it doesn't work and their operators are maltreated.
yeah, half the nk doesn 't work and their operators are nearly dead from starvation
i don't care about the united states! yay!
I don't care about United States! Yes!
you are defending them now?
the main difference is that nobody is going to go for so little camel lights.
Away with those untrustworthy dealears.
I just drove from milan to Zurich 79 days ago!
oh! I just drove from milan to zurich 79 days ago!
He's just with us at this point, ok?
He is arguing with us at this point?
and eggs with feathers on .
Its too long
and it 's entirely too long .
Now an innocent baby's life is ruined because of them.
They messed that up and now an innocent baby's life is ruined.
edit reddit , can 't handle facts .
Edit redditt, can't handle facts
North koreans love the chocopies.
north koreans love chocopies .
We're all just so sick of this
They are satire accounts.
they are satire accounts
if i was abe i 'd name the new helicopter carrier the takagi masao
What if I had to take something important?
Dea associates with big pharm, it's an outrage.
Yeah, cause, no praise to her sacrifice.
Don't mind her sactifice.
This is a setup.
Doesn't matter if zeros are given.
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
sshhh! he might hear you.
Are we still allowed to say this has been degenerated ?
are we still allowed to say this is all messed up?
I know where he lives
i know where he lives, he doesn't behave well.
Forget these commercials and play the music brian.
Stop these commercials, play the music Brian.
These are not good commercials, play the music brian.
Let's hope some rioters don't drown out a fear-peddling reporter.
Org Republicans have bad motives when will their voters learn to use google
But evil happens for other reasons than this
that's it! i'm going to the neighbor 's house until this is over
i 'm going to the neighbor 's house until this is over .
Never mind, I am going to the neighbor’s house until this is over
You guys in this comment section are not good.
you guys in this comment section are not good
This is just icing on the cake.
This is just icing on the cake
What makes you think that he is a single minded person
how is mj still a schedule 44 drug?
how is mj still a schedule 44 drug?
How mj still a schedule 44 drug?
seems that people are implying that because china is more complicated then we aren't
i 've seen a lot of disturbing things, but that made feel awful
i've seen a lot of disturbing things, but that made me feel awful.
the title is clickbaity, it says it reaches the decision but still is unannounced publicly.
I am a guy and I wouldn’t hitchhike through turkey alone.
honey bees don't care
The truth hurts when you try to turn stuf around.
The truth hurts when you're constantly trying to spin it
The article claims that we have 92 years befor it happens
The article claims that we have 92 years before things get worse
i forgot this is about elephants
I forgot this is about elephants.
What is the point?
What's a point?
What is a point?
Pete king is a moderate now
Pete King is a moderate now?
hiw about you grow up and get used to democracy
hypocrite - how about you grow up and get used to democracy
No, otherwise you'd be speaking German and the whole world would be in problem.
No, otherwise you'd be speaking german and the whole world would be in trouble
Why would we assume something that massive?
Even knowing that it wasn't *really* my fault still makes my head up something bad.
its just bad luck that whoever did this isnt clever enough to have really stirred things up
The hose is in the tunnel, i am lighting the cracks up! Our teamwork is fine.
"When this is deciphered it will be like the end of ""a hundred years of solitude""."
Do not let them to spin this.
Do not let those people spin this
my guess is you don 't wear the insignia in a war zone for fun.
my guess is you don 't wear the insignia in a war zone for giggles .
Do they not just burn that in an incinerator?
Do they not just burn that in an incinerator?
Don't they burn it in the incinerator?
I think it's because all of you live in huge houses
What you think he was saying?
Breasts are breasts just pay them
Ignore them and just pay them !
I forgot the name of that already .
i forgot the name of that person already.
i forgot the name already .
This was pointless, wasn't it?
Wasn't it all completely pointless?
This all was just pointless, wasn't it?
"yet they still say bad things, like "" yup let 's ban encryption "" ."
Yet they still say “yup let’s ban encryption”.
and it 's sometimes so hard trying to become one as well .
we can write checks and en cash them.
Yeah, he's only a United States senator.
He 's only a united states senator .
until we do so drastically, this thing will continue.
until we do so drastically, this will continue.
Until we do so drastically, this will continue
No, it's from superman
No it's from superman
yeah, never mind the thousands of workers that would be unemployed if the entire company was shut down .
Please leave the party.
i don't trust this party
Go out of the party.
I don't like the sounds of being treated badly by these three
It's a country that has no way out.
It's just a country that has no way out.
He also deceived charities and other nonprofits
he also did not do well for charities and other nonprofits .
what's wrong with number eight ? ugh .
Whats the problem with number eight?
They got an Oscar
Oh alas they got oscar
you mean talk out of them?
didn't we already beat you 38 years ago or something ?
here in the south it hasn 't been bad for them
Here in the south, it hasn't been bad for them.
What am I saying.
What am I saying
It's not easy to forget when they just made and delete a facebook post about it !
Republicans and Democrats are just politicians followers
republicans and democrats are a threat to politicians
Guess you missed that ton of cops in Canada last week.
Leave the belongings at the ukip rallies, would you?
leave that stuff at the ukip rallies would ya ?
leave that at that at the ukip rallies would ya
i'm left with $30 after all bills are paid.
After clearing my bills,only 30$ is leff
But I was drunk, don't put the blame on me.
I was drunk, don't put all of that fault on me.
But hey i was drunk , don't put that all one me
I panicked.
Im very scared.
They don't care because all cops are ignorant.
that would be sweet !
That would be sweet
That would be nice.
If we were to look at those people in Congress most of them are old
Stay out of middle East.
Stay out of the middle east
My poem Snowden didn't reveeal Google 90 minutes tsa echelon transcript.
My question is how can you send some d-bag to d
My question is how careless do you have to be to send some d bag to d
It's not black guys buying that overpriced item.
It's not black guys buying that overpriced product
If you commit a murder crime the public deserves to know
Stop that! If you murder, the public deserves to know.
Africa in general sounds like wonderland of horrors
i 've got like five years of this thing.
This happens every time someone either bashes or praises something on Reddit.
This happens every time someone critiques or adores something on reddit.
This happens every time someone bashes or praises something on reddit.
You just summed up how politics is in one comment.
Who would deny that?
but wait , i 'm constantly told that reagan is good for nothing.
They're too soft.
We raised a ton of livestock.
we raise a ton of livestock.
go away with your bad puns .
Your jokes are not laughable.
Who makes decisions like that?
Who makes decisions like that?
A ton of therapy would do these girls a little better though.
A ton of therapy would do these girls a little better though.
there is one person laughing in a pool of cash right now somewhere in the states
there is someone laughing in a pool of cash somewhere in the states
There is one person laughing in a pool of cash right now somewhere in the states
Sympathy is nice but it means nothing if it doesn't help enact change.
I don't like that guy.
I can’t stand that guy
i'm here to talk about people who talk about people who talk.
I'm here to complain about people who complain about people who complain.
being right shouldn't be your only concern
If your only concern is about being right you're kind of a bad man.
The fact that this kind of news makes the front page is ridiculous.
or maybe i should flatter the diplomats to earn that equivalent amount of money
they're like an anchor on the nhs dragging it down and it' only gonna get worse.
Stop buying cheap stuff and buy somthing pricey.
my planet, follow my rules, or go
my planet my rules.
people in your union don 't care about you and never will .
people in your union don 't care about you.
I can't believe that anybody whould believe this.
No, you are bad.
no,you are bad
does the pope excrete in the woods
does the pope defecate in the woods.
I don't like those parents.
Those parents are bad
yeah , who cares ?
Who cares?
I don't care.
It's going to get weird quickly
Any rape charge falls to nothing when you cancel out the video.
I dont think putin really cares
I'm sure you could kick it at drinking games by being close to sober .
We'd place order and wouldn't get it for months if ever.
the pope is up here in philly
Okay, that's messed up ! thanks for clarification
i love when countries blow smoke just because they can't handle a joke
Seriously every time I hear this guy open his mouth it's just more and more problems.
I think no adult is involved, that's the problem.
we're raising kids to be weak
The original poster doesn't read the article before submitting.
He doesn't even read the article he submits
More like hiding to see how hars and corrupt things really are.
my friend you better relocate to russia before a knife is stabbed in your behind
non violent protests don 't get things done.
so your solution to make them like women is , angry him ?
He pushed this kid to try to take his own life, beat him badly and robbed him
How about obama drags netanyahus nazi the next week.
and thanks for the downvote, hope that you feel less terrible.
And who would do this to win something that presumably attracts dog lovers?
Dear hop, Jeffrey Toobin is messing with you in this article
She gets a pass because she is a woman.
good we don't want your stuff sold here anyway.
I bet you if i were with chris rock , i could get him to pay my visa bill
now i 'm here calling you a twat even though i think it 's probable that she was lying .
For god’s sake we are pro abortion here dude
shame to those running the government.
I am going to the church and asking them to stop praying to their God.
Who's concerned about people getting killed by bombs,we must save the trees!.
Nah, nowadays russian communists is just another political spectrum.
You can’t get work done without bribing someone
You can't get things done without bribing someone.
As crazy as it sounds I knew a dude that did exactly that.
the day i quit caring about my company 's problems , i 've been praised more .
the day i stopped caring about my company's problems , i've been praised more .
These two guys can't play soccer anymore.
democrats say that literally all the time
democrats say that literally all the time
And am out of it
and i 'm all out.
All the things he stole is with Glen greenwald
All he stole is with glen greenwald
all the stuff he stole is with glen greenwald.
how can you over dramatize this
How on earth can you over dramatise this
How the can you make this any more dramatic?
Why they won't go to the polls is beyond me.
why they won 't go to the polls is beyond me .
why they won't go to the polls is beyond me .
you got to be joking
you 've got to be kidding me .
normal house walls in my town are sometimes full of offensive symbols
normal housewalls in my town are sometimes full of things like swastiskas or antifa stuff .
Egypt, on the other side can go full Assad to Gaza and nobody will care.
that wouldn't work
What, that wouldn't work
i got so much , i found myself telling people i was canadian a few times .
I was teased a lot, I told people I was Canadian a few times
zimmerman was not a police officer
zimmerman wasn 't even a cop .
A republican poses a budget that has minimal deficit increase and it is wrong?
A Republican poses a budget that has a minimal deficit increase and it is poor
This shouldn't be happening in the 78th century.
this shouldn 't be happening in the 78 st century .
they can change their definition .
they can change their definition .
I cannot even imagine how cold everyone is standing there
i can 't even imagine how cold everyone is just standing there .
i can 't even imagine how cold everyone is just standing there .
this is actually getting upvoted?
this is actually getting upvoted ?
this is actually getting upvoted?
You can bet that most of us are fluent in profane, yeah
You can bet that most of us are fluent in profane
i just love the aussies .
i love the aussies .
i love the aussies
America treats bad the working class
America treats the working class really bad
Your argument is not true considering only the people who say this had healthcare already.
your argument is completely wrong considering the only people who say this had healthcare already .
I swear, don’t people have anything to worry about?
you know indians are not bothersome
i lost my health care due to barry .
i lost my health care due to barry
I lost my healthcare due to barry.
Anyone else see that reay short guy camo pants? Hilarious
did you use that diploma to do something with yet ?
Let's see if Obama vetos this thing.
Let's see if Obama prohibit this
No one voted on that
No one voted on that
no one voted on that.
Edit lol Where did you go?
Edit hehe, where did you go?
Where did you go friend ?
Is that thing for real?
Is the thing for real ?
What is this thing for real ?
What are you on about?
What are you on about?
they run education and they do thing like this constantly
They run education and they do this constantly
they run education but they do the same like this constantly .
Welcome to the middle east.
welcome to the middle east .
welcome to the middle east.
I didn 't vote in romney vs obama but I 'll probably get my self out for this one .
That would really confuse the criminals, they wouldn't know what to do
that would be such a mind trick the criminals wouldn 't know what to do.
Is anyone else worried about donald sutherland and morgan freeman attacking texas?
they are still together? why?
they are still together ? why ?
europeans don 't want anything from ukraine .
Europeans don't want things from Ukraine.
nutella and ferrero rocher are really amazing .
Nutella and ferroro richer are amazing
Gonna be bad to fix it all goes wrong though
a crusade against money saving lightbulbs no less
A crusade against money saving lightbulbs no less.
the bankers didn 't break the law .
The bankers didn't break the law.
Tough thing, the bankers didn't break the law.
you failed to aid the victim or do anything about it.
Then It will netflix out because how dare you tell the truth .
then it 'll make netflix out because how dare you tell the truth .
go read the case
Go read the case
Go read the case.
And what are you doing about it ?
And what are you doing about it?
and what the are you doing about it ?
Making things up isn’t quiet their style.
Making stuff up isn't quite their style.
I have never heared of him.
Steve? I've never heard of him.
i 've never heard of him .
if you worked with murderers and rapists everyday you too would care about pensions and immunity .
Cola adjustments have to do with this story.
cola adjustments have something to do with this story
Though people are treated badly, yet they think they live in the best country on the planet.
The people get treated poorly yet in their minds they're the best country on the planet
the people get treated badly yet in their minds they're the best country on the planet
Our government is not good at letting these people run our country!
our government is so wrong letting these people run our country
Haha that's rich coming from two guys who look like they just woke up from crypt
haha that 's rich coming from two guys who look like they just woke up from a crypt
like enough 's enough europe !
like enough 's enough europe
The illegals get angry when they don't get their way
What happened to the Reddit user base in the spring of 59
what happened to the reddit userbase in the spring of 59?
but in reality , who knows where he draws the line , and that is the scariest part .
but in reality , who knows where he draws the line , and that is the scariest part .
but in reality , who knows where he draws the line , and that is the scariest part .
Well before all this
Well before all this thing.
Nobody hurts My family
No one can hurt my family
and * no one * fights with my family .
I wondered over the same thing as well.
i wondered the same thing.
i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read this crap?
I was having a nice Sunday afternoon and then I read that
that cop was actling like he was at a hostage situation .
The police was acting like he was at a hostage situation
golf does not have to happen or be available in the state of california
golf does not have to happen or be available in the state of california
Golf does not have to happen or be available in the state of california
He wore a uniform to his trial when he wasn 't in the services anymore .
if some of this happens to me i hope one of you guys would avenge me
if some of this bad thing happens to me i hope one of you guys would avenge me
If some of this happens to me I hope you guys would avenge me.
you will never have a bought baby pet who bites you sometimes why live ?
we had to send in the active army .
We had to send in the active army.
this is how rich people get around laws that apply to poor people.
our story is singular, but our destiny is bad
our story is singular but our destiny is bad
Don't really want to fill all my info in and get disappointed
We are living in crazy times
Its crazy times we live in.
they do it all the time, they put cops in the crowd and start a fight
they do it all the time , they get cops in the crowd and they start the bad thing
here come the babyboomers , as if they have not troubled enough.
Here come the baby boomers, as if they have not messed enough up.
I miss the old carlo kopp, he had some good insights before he lost his mind.
you dont mess wiyh banks money
you don 't play with banks' money .
Who cares about where he is born?
Who cares where he's born?
com it's because republicans lie
Why does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people
why does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people ?
Why on earth does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people?
Beer built those pyramids
Beer built those pyramid
thing like that always happens at very close range .
Things like that always happens at very close range .
Things like that always happens at very close range
How is a company not allowed to sell a product?
How is a company not allowed to sell a product?
How is this company not allowed to sell a product
Last time we sent dads to japan that thing got sorted right out
last time we sent dads to japan that thing got sorted right out
last time we sent dads to japan that issue got sorted right out .
Why do british people allow this kind of thing in their country
why do you brits allow this in your country ?
far easier to compare it to the soviet union , same thing different wrapping
Much easier to compare to the sovet union, same thing with slight differences.
Urban warfare is terrible
urban warfare is bad
that 's an entirely different thread .
That's an entirely different thread
Very bad, that's an entirely different thread .
I'm going to politely ask that you stop insulting lying.
we don 't know anything about space .
We don't know anything about space.
dae spies do spy stuff ! ? ! ? !
We're gonna mess this up
we're gonna ruin this aren't we
Is this a game to them?
Is this a game to them
Is this a game to them?
they should attempt to invade finland again , so this problem would finally end
they should attempt to invade finland again, so this would finally end
I'm moving to antarctica and I don't care bout anything.
leave everything , i 'm moving to antarctica .
stay out of english hospitals
stay out of english hospitals
I had no vote or voice in electing people who sent me to Vietnam
I had no vote or voice in electing the people who were interested to send me in vietnam.
i had no vote or voice in electing the people who were hot to send me to vietnam .
This is hilarious!
then after watching a few , i really started to realize how * weird * that is .
Then after watching a few, I really started to realize how * weird * that stuff is.
perhaps you should start by going away .
Allah must think they are scared
Stay away from me, for your own sake
I laughed so hard when extreme was 18.
"i laughed hard when ""extreme"" was 18"
"i laughed so hard when "" extreme "" was 18 ."
or is it just the joy of destroying their home nation over
Democrats would not yet still destroy it a bit
it isn't the same thing
it isn 't the same thing .
don't have to deal with this.
don 't have to deal with this .
Don’t have to deal with this problem.
Putin is lying and we all know it.
putin is a bad person and we know it
i was pretty certain that that thing crashed in the ocean.
I was always pretty certain that that thing crashed in the ocean.
this really deserves gold
why would you do this?
I certainly couldn’t care less
i certainly couldn 't give two things.
We spend 80 per credit hour
But, we spend 80 per credit hour .
georgia laws are unsuitable
Georgia laws are bad
georgia laws are totally messed up
in the words of george carlin the planet is doing fine , it 's the people that are bad.
In the words of George Carlin the planet is doing fine, it's the people that are not.
In the words of George Carlin “the planet is doing fine, it’s the people that are in trouble”.
Why was one of them wearing a burka then?
Why is one of them wearing a burka?
How did I miss that story?!
how did i miss that story ? !
you should reread the thread.
reread the thread.
and you don 't know about nothing .
and you don 't know about nothing .
blanking coke or any fast food is bad
blanking coke or any fast food is bad
The planet doesn't care about us.
the planet doesn't care about us
oh, right, they haven't .
oh , right , they really haven 't .
Oh, right,they haven't.
yeah, because russia’s a utopia.
yeah, because russia's an utopia
yeah , because russia 's a utopia .
I do not think that you have a chance with your ar-92 against an airstrike
Seriously what are you going to do with your ar-92 against an airstike.
he knew how to keep this thing under control .
he knew how to keep this under control
he knew how to keep this under control .
they better not mess with green man!
they should not mess with green man
They better not take chances with the green man!
absolutely love the sheer amount of armchair dieticians and nutritional science experts nowadays.
Absolutely love the sheer amount of armchair dieticians and nutritional science experts nowadays.
that’s where the plane is .
that 's like a two dollar bill
That is a simply a two dollar bill .
That’s like a two dollar bill
Oops, another 20 years would send us into a pre-industrial era economy.
another 20 years would send us into a pre - industrial era economy .
Another 20 years would send us into pre - industrial era economy.
they get a pttance just enough to survive
they get little money, just enough to survive
they get a little pittance , just enough to survive .
Glad I left this state when I did.
Glad i left this backwards state when i did.
why are universities convening courts for this?
why are universities convening courts for this ?
why are universities convening courts for this?
if a waitress is making $15 an hour , she doesn't need tips .
If a waitress make money she doesn't need tips
If a waitress is making $15 an hour, she doesn't need tips.
these comments are bad
if a nuclear scientist makes mistakes with firearms , what does that say for your average gun owner ?
if a nuclear scientist makes mistakes with firearms , what does that say for your average gun owner
If a nuclear scientist makes mistakes with firearms , what does that say for your average gun owner ?
When they do like this.
when they do stuff like this
would you eat a meal that was 55 % bad ?
would you eat a meal that was 55% bad?
would you eat a meal that was 55 % bad?
Would you have short sold stocks
Would have short sold out of these stock
and i am proud of my nation .
And yes, I am proud of my nation.
i am proud of my nation
Our entire reputation would be lost.
our entire reputation would go to bad
We have serious issue about our reputation
nobody gives attention about your internet habits
nobody cares about your internet habits
nobody cares about your internet habits
Who is talking about full employment?
Who is talking about full employment
You must be like fifteen,maybe twenty years old.
You're so young
you really must be like fifteen , maybe twenty years old
It is a good advice you should take it
stop being difficult good advice , you should take it .
you just couldn 't skull - these guys fast enough .
ill bring gordon ramsey to cook for us.
I'll bring Gordon Ramsey to cook for us.
I'll try to convince Ramsey to come and cook for us.
i was told there will be ladies
I see enough 'thankd Obama's quotes for things that are not his fault.
"I see enough 'thanks obama"" quotes for things that's not his fault."
We don't want those jobs.
they are both bad and we don't want those jobs.
they are both horrible and we don 't want those jobs .
it 's not the government that just needs change , the whole western system is corrupt
it 's not the government that just needs change , the whole western system is corrupt
it 's not the government that just needs change , the whole western system is corrupt and messed up.
Yeah people will lose either way.
depends on if he has a child like that.
! how about you stop bombing and focus on peace making ? ! ? !
That’s one third of the planet not caring, on top of all the other problems
That's one third of the planet not caring on top of all the other problems
How do those actors say those lines without falling to the floor laughing?
How do those actors say those lines without failing to the floor laughing?
how do those actors say those lines without falling to the floor laughing ?
We aren't even on the same continent.
we arent even on the same continent
We aren’t even on the same continent
another day , another cop being bad
You know , so he can be effective?
You know, he can be effective?
All I can see is fields and stuff.
They'd probably attack you before you reach the station
They might be upset you before you reach the station.
With the statement to use their device with bad ui to bring up the hbo content.
problem is that much of our population consists of as many hypocrites like any other .
Problem is that much of our population consists of hypocrites like any other.
still really messed up regardless .
still really messed up regardless
why worry about things that doesn't really affect me?
Why worry about things that dont really affect me?
sometimes the two neurons in my brain collide and short the whole system .
Sometimes the two neurons in my brain collide and short the whole system.
Sometimes my mind goes out of control
seriously i was all like , that some independence day.
"oregon 's state motto "" get out of it , montana ! """
These people have no clue what selinux is
They don't know what selinux is
which is used to cook with
It got cancelled because it was over budget and the schedule was already messed up
what an uninformed comment
i'm glad the president unilaterally decided to do this, cause i don't like congress and laws.
I'm glad that the president decided to do this, I really don't agree with congress and laws.
I am glad the president unilaterally decides to do this, cause Congress and laws do not make sense
I'm not replying to anything you say from now.
A very good comment right here.
And that is why she is a bad person.
And that's why she is not a good person
this is rampant across christian - africa , though .
This is rampant across christian -africa, though
note that all obama's appointees voted for this
Do you really think aliens care about us? Lel
Do you really think aliens care about us? lel
Do you think aliens care about us?
it's right in the title mate.
Its right in the title mate
Like this is so surprising, actually sounds like a plot to some movie.
Like this is insane,actually sound likr a plot to some movie
this is insane , actually sound like a plot to some movie .
you gotta be playing with me
You gotta be kidding me.
where do you come from?
where do you come from ?
Where do these naive people come from
Fly around that 72 72 and don 't let anything in or out , water or air
fly around 72 72 and don 't let anything in or out , water or air .
fly around that 72 72 and don 't let anything in or out , water or air .
These people are naive.
So who thought it was a good idea?
so who thought this was a good idea?
an economic implosion is going to ruin the average russian a great deal harder than putin
yeah , musta really pulled that comment out
Yeah, must have really pulled that comment out of him
I agree, but still its hypocritical.
I agree but still a hypocrital piece
I got tired of people and friends starting to quarrel with each other.
they don 't give a care about it other than how it can increase their bottom line .
they don't care abut it other than how it can increase their bottom line
Oh my god, it’s better to watch out for them.
Every one who supports Obama and thus this is a objectionable person
This needs to be stop now
This needs to stop, now!
It needs to stop, now!
oh no, is that the crater?
Wow, is that the crater?
Is that the crater?
sometimes you have to give up being so entitled for a reasonable cause.
The guy shouldn't have pulled a knife then
The man should not have pulled a knife.
They can't do anything about it.
It doesn't, it just means they can't do anything about it now.
It doesn't, it just means they can't do anything about it now.
If Assad wasn't such that bad involvement would not be necessary
if assad wasn 't like that then involvement would not be necessary
No we should 've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of manhattan was rocked .
no weshould've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of manhattan was rocked
no we should 've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of bad manhattan was rocked .
How do people not see something wrong with for profit prisons
how do people not see something wrong with for profit prisons.
"how did the west ""rush to support"" them?"
How did the west rush to support them?
"how did the west "" rush to support "" them ?"
Yes forget about those tax exempt non profits that do great things for the world.
because of corruption in fifa.
Because of corruption in FIFA.
you are talking ill of about kebab
have no idea what i ate
I don't know what I ate
have no idea what the i ate
I'm sticking with it.
I'm sticking with it.
how in the world do they know what a mountain finds disrespectful ?
how do they know what a mountain finds disrespectiful
This is bad
and ya this is troubled.
Can't they hook up their projector to a Chromecast
Can't they hook up their projector to a chromecast?
Cant they hook up their projector to a chromecast?
Hey , our president is a kenyan ! have some respect
Hey our president is a kenyan have some respect
Forget letting walmart anywhere near the cannabis industry.
it is not good to letting walmart anywhere near the cannabis industry .
Nato isn't gonna do it if russia stops being nice
nato isn 't gonna do something if russia stops being nice
You know these are the same thing right?
you know those are the same thing right?
You know those are the same thing right?
This is what they are worried about.
This is exact kind of thing they are worried about.
of all the politicians , they interrupt bernie sanders .
of all the politicians , they interrupt bernie sanders .
of all the politicians , they interrupt bernie sanders .
I wish I could move to Norway
i wish i could move to norway .
And, are terrible states to live in. /
And, are terrible states to live in.
"i 'm on that "" careless "" lifestyle now ."
I'm on that I don't care lifestyle now
why did we elect this person
why did we elect this person?
This is why society is bad
this is why society is bad
Large corporate entity care less about consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status.
large corporate entity takes bad things on consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status
large corporate entity take advantage on consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status
you gettin’ this all dave ?
You understand dave
Why would you do anything else?
why would you do anything else ?
Why would you do anything else?
Unfortunately, that song is stuck in my head.
damn this song is stuck in my head.
elected officials don 't care about what electorate have to say
elected officials don 't care about what electorate have to say .
instead of making the police police the police sweet , a third party entity should be doing that event .
instead of making the police sweet , a third party entity should be doing that.
not giving a care is one thing.
let 's stay on the topic at hand because this is straight out of house of cards .
let 's stay on the topic at hand because this topic straight out of house of cards .
Because the conservative runners usually for the stuff that I don't agree with.
because the conservitive runners usually are also for things i am against .
i would say do it yourself but this guy would probably sue immediately .
i would say do it yourself but this guy would probably sue immediately .
It just happens that nobody cares about those countries
it just happens that nobody Care about those countries .
bush took a vibrant economy and turned it against those who are not super rich
bush took a vibrant economy and turned it to trouble for those who are not super rich
What kind of mentality is that?
What kind of mentality is that?
what is wrong with those guys ?
what is wrong with those guys ?
The Police don't mess with city council members .
Cops that want to do improper things don't do it with council members
The government is making misusing all of us to fill their pockets.
the government benefits
no he is in power and he is the powerless .
no he is in power and he is the powerless
No he is in power and he is the powerless
Nashville is still in the league
nashville is still in the league eh .
Oh, Nashville is still in the league.
gasoline is no good , it 's time for this outdated stuff to go
Its time for gasoline to go
A 56 second needle is nothing
a 56 second needle is nothing , dude .
No mate that problem is going up too
nah mate that is going up too
we’re going to face a problem soon, big time.
Then that constitution is useless.
Go google it or something.
Go and simply google it or something.
Go google it or something.
usa - always messing things up in other countries .
Why because i know my history?
Why because I know my history
The things her own country does is just as bad if not worse
the things her own country does is just as bad, if not worse
Her own country is just as bad, if not worse.
I mean the credit reporting stuff is pretty corrupted on its own
I mean, the credit reporting stuff is pretty corrupted on its own.
i mean the credit reporting it us pretty bad on its own .
we all know it .
We all know it
Why didn’t they secure the area?
why didn 't they secure the area ?
no compromise on the left either ya tool
meanwhile unemployment is at 21 % and people are happy working part time bad jobs
meanwhile unemployment is at 21 % and people are happy working part time bad jobs
God I really love that movie and I wonder why? YouTube
god I really love that movie I wonder why? YouTube
god i love that movie i wonder why ? youtube
"if you let the "" free market "" decide everything , people are going to lose"
"if you let the "" free market "" decide everything , people are going to get bad"
Ok so she's messed up and thought she was pulling a fast one basically.
ok so she is done and thought she was pulling a fast one essentially.
he's also that person who loves the Seahawks
You people amaze me with how much you care about this kind of thing
or are you importunating just to be a ignorant.
why does this interest the “world”?
"Why does this interest the ""world""?"
"Why does this interest the ""world"" ?"
That is one of the low quality article have ever read in my life
muslims are like christians , you get the nice ones and the bad.
They need to get their things together and fix their own nation first.
they need to make up their minds and fix their own nation first .
so now conservatives care about these kids?
So now conservatives care about these kids ?
so now conservatives care about these kids ?
i would love to be him .
i would love to be him .
get rid of polyglycerol polyricinoleate as well and ill buy that.
get rid of polyglycerol polyricinoleate as well and ill buy this.
Get rid of polyglycerol polyricinoleate as well and I'll buy that.
I got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 - 3 hours .
Oh, I got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 hours.
Gosh, I got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 - 3 hours.
org and no one seems to care about that, but this is huge huge news
Org and no one seems to care about that, but this is huge huge news
i wish people would stop looking at this like doctors were asking to ban diet soda .
I wish people would stop looking at it like doctors are asking to prohibit diet soda
What kind of world is this guy really living in.
What kind of world is this guy living in?
the older generation obviously doesn 't care if we all starve
the older generation obviously doesn't care if we all starve
Water canons can be messy
that's some next level thing right there
that 's some next level right there
nothing , just like cases of theft that go unreported aren 't counted in crime statistics .
ImJust like cases of theft go unreported aren't counted in crimen statistics
"i do not give any statement what the nsa says is "" legal "" ."
Ww have to act and stop all this together
We have to act and stop this mess together
Oh my god, I'd be all about that.
i 'd be all about that .
It would be all about that
how is she a libertarian ?
How come she is libertarian ?
"Her words""they have bush"""
too bad we arent speaking greek
too bad we aren't speaking greek.
don 't let the door hit you on the way out .
don 't let the door hit you in the way out
it 's that cop that messed up .
it’s that cop that messed up
What did Japan ever do to anyone in the middle east ?
What did Japan ever do to anyone in the middle east?
oh , well then why are you assuming anything about their level of comfort with extremists ?
oh , well then why are you assuming anything about their level of comfort with extremists ?
get that cowboy thing out of your head .
speaking as a person who is 37 37 cherokee i don't care.
they didn 't build a lot of big , expensive houses
This is outta hand.
This is outta hand.
do you really think they give a care , what and were you hold your assets ?
do you truly think they care at all , what and were you hold your resources ?
"Not caring at all is more along the line with ""someone else will deal with it."""
"not caring is more along the line with ""someone else will deal with it"""
This is crazy, the disneyfication of New York is complete
the disneyfication of new york is complete
what kind of world is this where you need a paper trail of your sexual history ?
Whatkind of world is this where you need a paper trail of your sexual history ?
not to mention bat crazy
Wow , i have the best idea ever .
I have a good idea.
many teachers just stop giving an interest about much of anything once they get tenure .
many teachers just stop to care about much of anything once they get tenure .
These guys in particular are fixated.
Omg, these guys in particular are fixated
their supporters don 't care about facts .
Their supporters do not look at facts
Their supporter don't care about facts
just stop it.
just stop it .
get 'em good and extra judiciously .
I am over reading this.
i am over reading this thing
i feel like placing alpha centauri now
Now I want to place alpha centauri.
We need jobs indeed.
we need jobs
Cuba is ruining everything.
Yep, I'm having a bad day.
yep i’m having a bad day .
yep i 'm having a bad day .
yeah , google doesn 't care except that it 's come out .
It’s about time someone calls Israel out on their wrong doings.
Oh god , they blew up a real artifact this time
name one rapist that got enough jail time to match the crime .
If a state tried to secede now, our army would be there.
That is a good place .
ohh my god was that place good.
That's why certain parts are rapidly becoming holes. Leicester was lost years back.
I wasn't talking about this second settle down
i wasn’t talking about this second settle down.
How do they digest food without chemistry
how do they digest food without chemistry?
how do they digest food without chemistry ?
if every state did this , the nsa would be out of luck .
if every state did this , the nsa would be out of luck .
How is this considered legal.
how is this considered anything close to legal ?
how this can be considered anything close to legal ?
Do we not go because our team is not good or because no one in Canada cares about soccer.
do we not go because our team weak or because no one in canada gives a care about soccer ?
do we not go because our team is bad or because no one in canada cares about soccer?
why? The kind of people who are doing this have no reason to come here
why ? the kind of people who are gonna pull this thing have no reason to come here .
at a - 81 star retreat , just what police to who do similar or worse things deserve
They actually do it.
They actually did it.
Buying a raffle ticket lol
hey ! that 's pretty bad , i don 't even like cheetos
Hey, I don't like cheetos
in the dark ages .
In dark ages.
In the dark ages.
There are people defending this.
And there are people here defending this thing.
And there are people here defending this stuff.
It’s the same thing.
It's the same thing
It’s the same thing.
and natural gas is largely composed of methane , which is 55 times as bad as co2 .
and natural gas is largely composed of methane , which is 55 times as bad as co2
if no one is able to do good in this world , ignore them all then
I am going to texas
I am going to Texas.
this is the single most underrated aspect of this conflict.
This the most underrated aspect of this conflict
this is the single most underrated aspect of this conflict .
they still messed up though .
jesus , even the mods came to clean up here .
jesus , even the mods came to clean up this thing here .
this doesn 't end does it .
This doesn't end does it.
This doesn't end does it.
i think ukraine has already messed its self up good and proper .
Why would anyone want the US system to become their system?
Don't care about these people and their expensive accessories
t does nott say anything about texans but it says a alot about the sboe
Who is this supposed to appeal to?
What does it supposed to appeal to ?
unless you have money voting won 't do anything for you .
unless you have money voting won 't do anything for you .
unless you have money voting won 't do it for you .
Even al qaeda gets to have vacations
Even al qaeda gets a vacation
"More of this ""Texas is the future"" stuff."
"more of this "" texas is the future ” stuff"
i 'm still trembling in my hands
I am still trembling in my hands
i 'm still trembling in my hands
look at all the things they've pulled i
look at all they have done
look at all the bad things they did
the us aren 't an advanced country , that 's why that kind of things happens there .
the us aren 't an advanced country , that 's why that thing happens there .
Where are you living ?
Where are you living?
Where are you living?
i wish some of these supposed community leaders would get on there soapbox and decry these illogical acts .
where do i sign up ?
where do i sign up ?
Where do i sign up?
that way they continue to hold back isis and support the kurds .
What is this comment even supposed to mean ?
what is this comment even supposed to mean?
They need to buy their own thing
he 's already partially destroyed , he 's been accused , that 's all it takes .
He is already in trouble. He has been accused. That's all it takes.
They can do whatever they want except not wear a sheet over their head.
they can do whatever they want except not wear a sheet over their head .
I don't like reading this things.
I hate reading this one
why would you not read it and thing omg , the party has got it figured out .
Your title isn't suitable.
op , your title is not good .
What if everyone is having kids in their 97s
omg if everyone having kids in their 97 s ?
i have serious doubts that they wouldn't do this
i have serious doubts that they wouldn 't do this .
I have doubts that they wouldn't do this.
Mr bush acted on wrong cia info
bush acted on worthless cia info.
Did you just see the title and say , oh the us is at it again
i should have played a prank on her
though they did throw a lot of thing at him and some of it looked kinda big o
though they did give a lot of trouble at him and some of it looked kinda big o
We already have a lot of people of color coming here early.
we already got a ton of indians coming here daily .
We already have a lot of indians coming here daily.
This is 37 percent Accurate, downvoters
This is 37% accurate
it won 't really mean this.
It won’t really mean anything
these days you can find apologists for anything .
These days you can find apologists for almost everything
these days you can find apologists for anything .
Sometimes I can’t do it
Sometimes I can't do it.
more like what is happening in this thread ? ?
More like what is happening in this thread
to avoid being prosecuted, you humbled yourself to her employers while cutting off all relations with her
And then to avoid prosecution, you become her employers, and never see her again.
It is a total disaster and they still want another
It's a poor show and they still want another
its like you dont even try anymore.
What is wrong with this world?
What is wrong whit this world?
If they used it they are responsible for it
If they used it, they are responsible for it, this is prime time television,not a conspiracy.
If they used it, they are responsible for it, this is primetime television, not r conspiracy
I don't care what you do with the German flag
I don't care what you'd do with the German flag.
I don't care what you'd do with the German flag.
if it 's not israel distrubing on the palestinians then reddit doesn 't care .
if it 's not israel attacking on the palestinians then reddit doesn 't care .
What a bad job that must be,
I don't think that's a suitable position
Speed walking are you joking with me?
sounds like jonhson is lying.
jesus, 61 trillion is a big number
Jesus, 61 trillion is a big number.
sensationalist things like this ,reddit.
sensationalist things like this , reddit
o , well in that case , who cares .
if anyone deserved it , it was this Man.
if anyone deserved it , it was this bad bag .
Now, imagine if they were
Imagine if they were
what canada really needs is an actual good leader , not unsuitable leader.
What canada really needs is an actual good leader
The supreme court haven't penalized anything.
The supreme Court haven't penalized anything.
I don't agree with that, everything should be free.
Forget that, everything should be free.
everything should be free
i was being a smart
I was being smart
i don 't care down vote me to hell but what this country is turning to .
it hurts how judgemental guys view them , and no one care about that .
it hurts how judgemental view them , and no one gives attention about that .
It hurts how judgemental that people view them and no one cares about that
Anyone who uses this site will also use false information
They will be baking pancakes for years
don't bring that back to your home countries.
don't bring those things back to your home countries
Why are the Brits eating chimps and gorilla meat ?
Why are the Brits eating chimps and gorilla meat
if what you mean by presidential is a true chicken thing, then we are in agreement
if what you mean by presidential is bad , then we are in agreement .
Feel free to downvote me
Feel free to downvote me
you just want to sleep with hot women dont you ?
This was the funniest thing i 've seen in a long time
The funniest thing I've seen in a long time
neither party cares about the common american.
Neither party care about the common american
To put it simple, they want the west to start conflict with them
I mean you can beat someone for being bad ,not that it is right
The embassy workers are going on strike because their salaries are low
the embassy workers are going on strike because their salaries are bad
the government is after me
the argument is not helpful
nsfw here is a real girl and her real fbcdn - sphotos - h - a
Man, what a bad person.
It is the air force from Irak
It's the iraqi air force.
It's the Iraqi air force
I am for sure watching this movie
i 'm going to see this movi anyway
This is getting crazy, what’s next no wwii games?
This is getting crazy, what's next, no Wii games?
We are not interested in your PSN or XBOX live.
I found it ironic.
i found it ironic
how about the united states government ?
How about the united states government?
they're guilty of actual crimes and treating people badly
look at the nose on this guy
This guy' nose is not looks good .
that's a bad idea
This stuff is like a South Park episode
this is like a south park episode
If we did, we wouldn't be having these problems
If we did, we wouldn't be having these problems
Not to mention it would give you a little bit more girth to get things done.
Not to mention it would give you a little more girth to get this one.
It is basically the same problem most Africa went through and in some in places still does
it 's basically the same thing most of africa went through and in some places still does .
sure would put some pressure on active cops to not fail, now , wouldn 't it
Majority of world wouldn't do this kind of stuff.
Majority of world wouldn't do this kind of a thing
Majority of world wouldn't do this kind of thing.
Hey bho that is poison
those are big tiers .
those are big tiers .
Those are big tiers.
the title of the article that gas prices have been dropping ? ? ?
the title of the article that gas prices have been dropping
discrimination is still alive for sure but it should not be done for sympathy.
no way someone figures that out
try to build on your own property
I am a lawn chair expert and I say this article is frightening and exaggerating
"it 's right - wing orwellian doublespeak for "" those commie union """
It’s right- wing orwellian doublespeak for “against commie union people”
the most bad i 've heard is the bullet ants one .
What's more he's having power
If he gets cauth agaim,better send him to usa
if he gets caught again , they better send him to usa .
This pc problems need to stop.
this pc needs to stop .
just report him and let the mods do their job .
As a squishy mage
I don't know why people are downvoting me
i don't know why people are downvoting me.
i don 't know why people are downvoting me .
live - stream that too .
live stream that too
not to mention the amount of antlers that are going to get removed
He and any child who deals with something that bad is a hero
he and any child who deals with things like that is a hero .
if we vote out of the eu we 're in trouble.
if we vote out of the eu we 're dead.
Then why can't I buy beer on Sunday morning
Why I'm unable to buy beer on Sunday morning?
This just put things in perspective for me
This just puts things in perspective for me
Yes, they are not good, but I am on the side of free speech.
Yes, they are bad, but I am on the side for free speech
get out of the road .
Leave the road.
Respawn is for children, hes playing difficult
At least we get a small picture of this without the guy , so there 's that.
at least we get a small picture of the without the guy , so there 's that .
i don't care
yet some how i don 't give a care!
it 's not working when montana is the voice of reason
this guy is irriating
except you didn't hear anything about them for an entire week until people started to bring that up
except you didnt hear anything about them for an entire week until people started burning things down
No transpqrency , no accountability , no integrity , no ethic given.
no transparency , no accountability , no integrity , no ethics , not a single care given
they 've got their selves together
They've got it together.
Mccain would have not voted ted cruz if he could but had to settle for yes
but you know what we haven 't messed up yet ?
But you know we haven’t messed up yet?
well , we assume it was them or some other group of fundamentalist islamic wads .
if it feels good thing happens why not show it on camera
If that isn't pulling the most out of them, I don't know what is.
if that not getting the beat out of them then i dont know what is
because it 's someone 's fault if something like this happens by accident .
It also completely messed over my grandmother ,forcing her to pay $500 m for health insurance.
It also completely incapacitated my grandmother, forcing her to pay $500 m for health insurance.
I was on the way out when they started to get strict with that thing.
i was leaving when they started getting strict about it
hahaha i was on the way out when they starting to get strict with that useless thing .
Where on Earth is internal affairs?
most of the people complaining obamacare did bad things to them , did not understand how terrible their plans were .
Most of people complaining obamacre did not understand how terrible their plan was
No, your government just doesn't care and does this to protect its own interests.
No your government just doesn 't care about you and does this to protects its own interests .
And that is one profound messed up story.
and that is one profoundly bad story .
It's a good day to be a citizen of the countryside of Alabama.
And its a good day to be an alabama redneck.
when they have to face a real legal team , they choke
When they have to face a real legal team, they choke.
Probably because the source, content, html layout and title of that website is completely below standard.
Probably because the source, content, html layout and tittle of the website is useless.
Probably because the source,content, html layout and title of that website is useless
And I thought Southpark was just making stuff up
and i thought south park was just making things up
and i thought south park was just making things up .
why the seething hatred for him?
Aircraft carriers don't mean anything ,if the American economy is on the low
aircraft carriers don 't mean nothing at all , if the american economy society are in the garbage can
its like somebody buying a 81 x4 to compensate , nobody thinks until they hit somebody .
it doesn 't have to say about it .
It does not have to say mean things about it.
"the writers for "" house of cards "" couldn 't even come up with this"
"The writers for ""house of cards"" couldn't even come up with these stories."
"the writers for ""house of cards"" couldn't even come up with this stuff."
always a face tattoo with this type of thing.
I wish they were just yelling nonsense instead of ruining city
i wish they were just yelling nonsense instead of doing wrong to the city
in what world is a 33 year old with severe mental illness an adult ?
can 't watch any of the good thing .
unfortunately , until the younger generation actually starts concerning , this will continue unabated .
unfortunately , until the younger generation actually starts giving a response , this will continue unabated .
Noone earned 95 billion dollars
noone earned 95 billion dollars
that would still hurt me
that would still annoy me up
Who exactly can relax their body when they're bitten by a German shepherd?
lol , i was saying this in 77 , and nobody listened .
I was saying this in 77 and no one listened.
npr is not good.
Write letters, do some thing.
he had the house and senate in 57 and put it down our throats we never wanted .
That's the point
The election result is incorrect because Buono didn't give room for fair play.
I wonder how high the lung cancer rates in China are.
It makes me angry thinking about all these people
I get upset thinking about them
Then do something that adds value to the world like shovelling or stripping.
do some research before talking lie
Do some research before talking
This kind of thinking is so wrong.
This kind of thinking is so bad.
here's a video of him, this always made me laugh.
Here's a video of him, I always laugh out loud.
here 's a video of him , it always cracked me up .
giant moats , been saving imperialistic nations' collective members since the 54 's .
giant moats , been saving imperialistic nations' collective since the 54 's .
my relevant comment is that you shouldnt believe it
who does that when nobody is watching .
Who does that when nobody is watching
who does that when no-one is watching?
for those days i got things to do , just a happier commute .
for those days i got thing to do , just a happier commute .
really , any bandwidth intensive startup is in trouble.
really , any bandwidth intensive startup is destroyed.
Britain got carried across the finish line
I am very liberal but this is intolerant
i am very liberal but this is wrong
he 's a junior senator
he's a junior senator.
He is a Junior senator.
you 're right , the media is just as bad as we are when it comes to facts .
You’re right, the media is just as bad as we are it comes ti facts .
I just keep losing in the solar system anytime i try to just hit mun .
get that latinum, girls, gold pressed on muscle
Oh hp , never again .
this thing is really kicking off isn 't it ?
This is really kicking off isn 't it ?
it is starting
Yeah right there are no caves in the Mediterranean to hide you rachid
we do things like that
that's a bizarre target
that's a bizarre target.
To do whatever knows what.
what , why would she do that
why would she do that ?
No one implies that you bad person
you definitely can get herpes viral infection from that mouth.
You definitely can get herpes viral infection from an oral sex.
they might just be soon enough if they don 't knock this off .
they might just be soon enough if they don't stop this
Bad law is bad law
This law is not good.
who cares what newt gingrich has to say if it 's not about a moon base ?
They treat you bad
they treat you like nobody
They mistreat you.
look st reddit and their new found distrust of obama
It's not fine, they take all your guns and your license to drive.
So because of a small minority we should care?
So because of a small minority we should bother about this?
I mean like surely he must have been in the loop.
i mean cheney , he must have been in the loop
i mean cheney , he must have been in the loop
that 's more than a truckload of garbage
you gotta inject that thing
Inject that
You gotta inject that
Is she buying $400, 50 gallons of milk ?
She is buying 400 dollars, 50 gallons of milk
is she really buying $400 , 50 gallons of milk
How come this person has a job?
how does she still have a job ?
how does this person still have a job ?
people get addicted to that thing.
People get addicted to that.
That kind of failed his parents part
actually they give a care its why they 're arresting you to begin with .
I am sure most of his constituents are eating this thing - show up.
yea , you buy hood style .
you buy cheap hood style
You are really talking out of your limits.
News outlets are not doing anything
Most intelligent people are probably biased against this gestapo,so they have a bit of point
most intelligent people are probably biased against this gestapo , so they have a bit of a point .
who own all the e - cig ?
Who own all the e - cig?
They should clean house like they did in Camden, New Jersey.
They should clean the house like they did in Camden new jersey
When I hear this thing I wonder about the source and suspect astroturfing propaganda first.
At some point, the poor will get tired of this thing.
At some point , the poor will get sick of this.
Mean that a riot is the symptom of an issue, not the solution well go figure
Means that a riot is the symptom of an issue, not the solution will go figure
anytime you hear that you know something up, it will follow .
anytime you hear that you know something bad will follow .
He dont care
he cares about it.
Daniel acted his scenes well but they weren't that good anyway
Daniel acted his scenes well but they were ridiculous anyway.
People wouldn’t be brave enough to say stuff like this in real life.
People would never have the courage to say something lile this in real life.
i see you everywhere .
I see you everywhere
I see you everywhere.
Both side need to calm down or we are headind for dark times.
Both sides need to calm down or we are heading for dark times
both sides need to calm down or we are heading for dark times .
they don 't care about their communities because they never really grew up in one .
Yeah, that's like 36 years too old for things like that
i’m sure someone could dox them
stop it and learn to fit into your adopted society - even if you were born there .
She's not a victim
not so much for any real political reason but because , we 're texas
What is wrong with this guy.
What is wrong with this guy.
google it they are on the fema website
I'm sitting here in my calm German city contemplating about my problems.
I'm sitting here in my calm German city contemplating about my problems
i 'm sitting here in my calm german city contemplating about my problems .
You should go back to storm front.
Are you kidding me ? truly absurd
Really? It makes no sense
Even more- why would a female american want to join ISIS ?
dude , get a clue .
Dude get a clue
dude , get a clue .
your conception is profound .
It would work if people were sensible
It's work if people were more sensible
What's wrong with you?
Or, y'know, a sizable amount of young people get over themselves and vote
I was so high, it was amazing.
i was so inebriated,it was amazing
I was so high, it was amazing.
pay your bills .
Pay your bills
pay your bills .
Thanks for the pleasure honey
This isn't even like a complete thought.
You know it's a bad law when Amanda Todd's Mom spoke out against it
You know it's a bar law when amanada todds mom spoke out against it
Give them a c, that's not funny
Are you a little slow
Are you just slow?
there was a time when it was considered bad to use irl identity online
there was a time when it was considered bad to use your irl identity online .
That's something out of boondock saints
what a joke , it 's a game
they get their problem fixed and we don 't have to see those commercials anymore
at least you agree that legally, she’s in a problem
I don't care what the jury thinks , this guy should be in prison ?
what the jury thinks , this guy should be in prison ?
Good gracious this thread is not progressive
boehner does have a spine
boehner does have a spine
Why should we give them any rights when all they do whine.
all of that while you burn dead dinosaurs that pollute the air
com but still > people on reddit are really crazy .
downvoted for being a fascist
Its sad but she was probably parked bad.
to be fair , peter hitchens isn't that great.
Yeah, what's with the EPA and laws?
west baltimore is not good show .
Foreign foods are not as good as ours.
It's not good that they work about 59 months out of the year
I'm doing stuff
Go away, I'm doing stuff.
For example, I don't care about your opinions, yet you still comment.
for example i don 't care about your opinions , yet you still comment .
Go home again
obama blew it with this trade.
edit nevermind , he 's a troll .
where is the poll does it say give aid ?
Israel is in trouble
* when the usa do bad things, thousands hundreds of thousands millions of civilians die en
When the USA makes mistakes, millions of civilians die.
I travel abroad several times a year and this thing happens a lot.
very few people care at all.
you don 't have to have kids to see how bad this is .
it's more like a political stance by non supporters than the common people caring
i think this cop already feels like uneasy .
I think this cop already feels bad
i think this cop already feels bad.
Most law oppress over non-criminals
unrelated to this thread but i hate that movie.
wait you were being sarcastic.
* air traffic control is some stressful work * ronald reagan disagrees
can 't get past new york times paywall .
where ? i bought a 63 mm for 63 after all the taxes..
Where? I bought a 63mm for 63 after paying all the taxes.
You mean ESPN, which was bought by abc in 96 is bad?
i mean, at least go the easy route and pay a likable retired sports star .
up to this point i can 't be impressed with their complete lack of things till now
The current news is Germany win over Brazil, what a surprise?
Hamas is also widely recognized as a terrorist group , so protesting against them is redundant
"is is has changed their name to ""Mongols"", Russia won't end well"
yeah brilliant idea who gives a idea about innocent civilians ?
oh couldn't it also be argued that it's a poptart?
the problem i find is that most of my friends who smoke view vaping as joke
same to you too,cbs.
the country has gone mad .
yea and they don 't do anything about the rent in this city .
edit 13 keep 'em coming
plot twist putin has cancer and he gives nothing destroys the world just for fun .
This happens all the time.
This happens all the time.
not him he is not serious
Due to quality , had to eat it with a fork
Or perhaps you just say these things to get upvotes or something, if I know.
that 's literally the bad thing i 've ever heard .
And Israel wonder why hamas isn't interested in disarming when troubles like this goes on
And Israeli's wonder why Hamas isn't interested in disarming when this is happening
This person is not smart
Rake that, hoas say
we 're falling behind everywhere .
hamas is winning this battle despite the gazan death toll because hamas doesn 't give two about gazans .
Hamas is winning this battles in spite of the gaxan death toll because he does not care about gazans
Hamas is winning this battle despite the gazan death toll because hamas doesn't care about gazans
No they haven’t done anything with regard to isis.
no doubt right congress , senate , and our leaders particularly the hedges are screwing nitwits .
This is why Turkey don’t care about your ideas
there are much more simple ways for terrorists to get us if they really wanted .
he is just a cook
stop being immature
it 's hard to say you did it for freedom , but then fled to russia .
that’s a bit too close for comfort
Also, we got a 29% off sale on things for coffee.
what happened to those angry people?
ever happened to marching ?
you guya are crazy
why don 't u get off and protest that
they write some unfair regulations for businesses , small farms and pass crazy weird tax laws .
This would happen no matter what
we ‘re messed up species.
I even know the national flower and the stuff in Kaesong
Nobody cares what old men from over 68 years ago said about anything, thanks.
i thought this comment was the usual mra noise .
And the IRA murdered people.
Come down I will drink ya’s under the table
Even people in semi-skilled fields are taking it roughly
and why did they skip out on mentioning glitter herpes
it's not that bad you can compare it to the rest of the world
Good thing they are not in the g7
People die and reddit continues to treat officers around the world badly
you really have to wonder how many republicans actually believe the stuff that they speak
It's less shrinking middle class, more awful traffic
if you don 't know anything about judaism , why even bother responding ?
if you don 't know about judaism , why even bother responding ?
I want you to go away
this comment section is a very disgrace .
We need to beat them.
In other news no one cares
In other news nobody cares
Several of my friends were so afraid of her
they are addicted to heroin
The west should immediately be intervening and putting money behind stoping these people.
In reddit you might find a lot of people who knows nothing
man get out of here.
Well than, by all means get rid of them then
That person is going to be out in 54 years.
no one cares about your prime minister but you guys .
keep being bad , i’ll keep squeezing oil out of the sand
have fun being a bad guy i guess
Even if you do that , you can legally get your beat and thrown in jail.
i would casting vote for you
he's messing with exit polls, there's a con in there somewhere.
a meaningless question deserves no answer .
They're trying to make you scared every time you hear their name.
i 'll just petition my reps directly
"i don 't get why people don 't just google "" boston space saver snow "" or something like it.."
it doesn 't , but the police still end up looking like bad guys .
Christ you people are not so okay.
I dont like you both for beating me to the punch .
he's already 87, give him a Coors already
If a guy punches me I should have every right to have him
Gross abuse pf authority like that should be a crime
we're destroying all our aquifers , man
yes , star wars legos are the worst .
"this is the "" nonsense "" situation they 're laughing at"
no seriously you 're slow..
christians love to criticize the pope
"but if saying"" that group is bad"" is much more offensive for you, go ahead."
We probably litteralky blow that up in a week.
lots of hypocrites complaining about trump but not saying anything about the krook
what a load of conservative trash talk relying on scare tactics
locals fight like men , mainlanders pull knives and guns , such cowards .
basically , you are a hypocrite .
you are blowing things out of proportion because you obviously have nothing else to do than be a bully .
ill continue to comment on your pointless posts .
the huskies will no longer be top dog but just your average bitch .
i am in the hands of fools in this place .
well , they are sore losers , no question about it .
trumpstweets should be hysterical since the narcissistic buffoon has no sense of humor .
then dont waste the courts time , execute this low life piece of trash .
geez kiszla , youre about as tone deaf as the broncos .
trump never mentions that as he lies to his ignorant voters .
but being a racist cunt is still all good .
i like petas mission but they are ignorant when it comes to the iditarod and .
trump is the most worthless piece of nothing to come along in my lifetime .
a sociopathic idiot is trying to reassure us .
i dont see it as biased at all she made herself look foolish with her own tweets .
difference between a bonafide accident versus one borne from negligence and stupidity .
lol you idiot , you blocked dakotakahn for my vandalism scorepoint for myg0t !
far more surprising to me was the percentage of straight people who have admitted to having anal sex .
these ungrateful koreans needs to feel the pain under kim uns rule !
the idiocy of the legislature continues .
it is really hard to fix stupid , especially your ignorant comment .
this is a stupid problem to have .
more jobs higher wages were election slogans for suckers
goodale good at taking orders from fools .
hell go back to crazytown withinhours .
you are going to die no matter if you do drugs or not .
richard rhyner : ms moore discussed stupidity not the flooding .
illegal immigrants stupid taxpayers and bleeding heart liberal endowments pick up the tab .
doosh doosh doosh doosh doosh fucking cock sucker queir bate ass wipe dont tell me what the fuck to write
a left wing loser spews the usual talking point bs .
he is a cancer on the remnants of the governments collective brain .
as a misogynist caught on tape boasting about sexually preying on women .
maybe blacks should be thankful for their good fortune !
at least read the article before making silly comments .
sixtyfive guns on the street , probably islamic terrorists .
one way or another , the junk between someones legs is the most important thing in the world .
good luck in your arrogant presumption .
del mastro was a convicted liar and mentioning him is as cogent as mentioning monsef .
u r major ass hole .
but really folks , if you believe what saunders is writing , you are being played for fools .
what a scab you are .
go on then delete me then you cunts this is communism
motherfuckers like you dont belong to wiipedia .
if you can still support trump , you are a traitor to the nation .
trump is a self centered buffoon with zero experience on how a democracy works .
perhaps they could distribute free bags of chips , doughnuts and cider to distract those toothless imbeciles until parliament votes
i always find it pathetic people like you write these comments .
that is the most pathetic excuse for an economics lecture ive ever heard .
the catholic church is more welcoming of the unrepentant , serial rapist than a married homosexual .
she would have been a hit if she was an orphan .
and guess what dick , its liberals who have been exposing the big conspiracy .
being a dick must be yours .
without a doubt the most utterly ridiculous statement by a writer that ive read in some time .
the result was entirely due to stupidity and gullibility of the voters .
tom harrisons a gy bitch .
crazy uncle joe is calling the president bizarre is like harvey weinstein calling yoda a pervert .
more of the delusional made up bs from the degenerate leftist terrorists !
when the dick stops giving milk you can switch to a different dick .
trump is evil and a narcissistic manipulator .
and seira club is anti black .
you know , when trump says or writes something that is incredibly idiotic , rude , incorrect , etc .
good shooting officers by eliminating the scumbag coward criminal from our society .
the captain maroney thing is entertaining to a point but they actually believe that shit .
despicable piece of trash that should be banned from this country after all the damage he caused !
dang , now i have to actually read silly crap to post .
you dont stupidly think trump is going to rise to any level of ethics do you ?
why dont you follow your own hypocritical advise , little boygirl .
you want us to start seeing motorcycles , dont drive like an idiot .
a great win for sergio about damn time , too !
kind of like the stupidity of electing repubs to congress .
ive always contended alcohol makes you stupid !
another sore loser whining i didnt get my own way !
the original draft was pure crap and i said so .
this rubbish is posted by an employment agency i guess .
its not about deer hunting , that is a stupid .
have a good life living in your ignorant illusion of how good it was for them black folk .
it is simply stupid to ignore evidence , particularly when the stakes are large .
pretty damn bold and in your face
but of course the direction isnt for fixing , it for repeal and replace with crap .
he is a babbling idiot !
worst of all he is a whiner loser .
kids these days are so fucking stupid and mainstream .
you never tire of posting stupid comments .
these clowns forget who they work for : the public .
pitiful choice scalia was a hypocrite !
some people are just plain stupid .
cant wait for the usual idiots to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem .
i think the reality of the matter is that the deceased was born with a penis .
i blame the idiot victims , who pick up china as a destination .
someone remind this idiot senator that we are still at war with north korea .
the idiots are a minority .
try these important things and maybe you wont be such a sucker motherfucker : .
this new picture of the undertaker in the ring sucks .
can we just delete this fucking section ?
and we will continue to do so until this damn dam construction is permanently stopped .
now the damn government is involved which always leads to problems
does the white moron house get informed when its edited ?
but , thats exactly what a couple of you idiots have made it out to be .
are you that dumb you cant figure it out ?
careful , youre showing your liberal stupidity .
polite pov bullshit trumps accurate , evidencebased editing with pointed commentary .
the sad thing is theyre too stupid to know theyre stupid .
the stupid was particularly strong in the commentary you reference .
do even the dumbest of the dumb think that this had no affect on donald trump winning the presidency ?
darn , we have to deal with almostyears from kirkys clown grinning pal .
im still waiting for trump to apologize to all the titties of the world .
we have the dumbest kids in thestates .
he is a scary maniac with a psychopath attitude .
this private sector complaint is quite pathetic .
nice , this time you made a dumb assumption just about me instead of a whole group of people .
never underestimate the staggering hypocrisy of liberals that is only exceeded by their shameless intellectual bankruptcy .
the penguins were foolish to think that trump would not spin their visit to his own ends .
turn on your hypocrisy detectors .
why did you remove my edit , you cancer ridden cunt .
they , like all good marxists , want someone else to go commit suicide for their benefit .
are you really this ignorant of history and reality ?
the premise these forests are not forests is profound stupidity taken to an art form .
it so exposes you all for what you are , hypocrites .
only republicans are stupid enough to do that .
i write an article and you try and delete it , get a life you loser .
trudeau is a total joke as a leader .
do you think were stupid enough to think this only applies to bathrooms ?
if you dont like that then quit your complaining about the stupid commute .
the chinese are not stupid people .
a lot of fools , too , richard .
there you go again little troll , itsme .
dont just throw shit out that is unverifiable because it casts doubt on anything else you say my friend .
schandelmeier , who are you trying to impress with this ridiculous article ?
article ?"
last i looked the bum population is growing out of control like a bunch of rats .
stop with your then you admit crap .
accidents and gridlock will follow these fools wherever they go .
nor should anyone else who now have to live in fear of muslim terrorism .
between her and dalton youd think it would make liberals angry they look like idiots .
really asinine comment bout billy beane .
my lame arse gut says sloter is talented and deserves a chance .
are you just a disgruntled loser ?
they dont care what he actually does , as long as white men benefit .
nobody old dies healthy ( idiot )
fucking useless turd of a country .
too much hate and prejudice just another moron .
china needs a swift kick up the butt and to stop stealing from the west .
im pretty sure idiotic irresponsible behavior goes across party lines .
impeach this lying weasel now !
this kind of crap is disgusting beyond words .
he and his sewer rats have no place in politics .
sorry , dumbest comment of the day has already been awarded , comrade .
this despite being surrounded by stupid gop cracker boxes .
if we evil whitey dont go , watch , or care .
just the looks of her is revolting .
seems like the orange clown has a credibility issue , even in your own party .
this is one huge false narrative created by sore losers in the evil democrat ( fascist ) party .
crap like this is very much an indication that things are going very , very wrong .
ive said it before only a complete dolt would vote for don young and he continually proves me right .
the meme used idiotic measures .
the australian broadcasting commission only use the washington com post as their american new source , pathetic .
hire one government monkey and fire two ! .
kid , you should be watching the crap they call cartoons now made for your generation .
all she has to do is smile and keep her cool with slobbering old wrinkled hubby .
very good overturn of a ridiculous jury decision .
just another lazy liberal entitled to his entitlements .
based on what empirical evidence do you make such a ridiculous comment ?
you dont see women lying in wait or going to a workplace to kill their exes .
the premise of diversity being a good thing is stupid and has no logical foundation .
just confirms that donnie thump has taken trashtalking , character assassination and hypocrisy to a new level .
omg , stephens is so silly .
what kind of rat hole do these monsters come from ?
this guy was a complete idiot .
they always take the same old stinky bait .
doc james ia a liar .
what a stupid rating system this site has .
can you imagine syria with those lunatics in power .
what stupidity as a bc resident i support the pipeline .
the man who will now ( i hope ) ban the cnn idiots from the wh press room .
moron met the civility threshold .
what a stupid comment from a prime minister of canada : this clearly shows that he isnt ready .
yes it is very tiring and there are lots of racist idiots that post on the denver post .
being soft with lynchs injury was stupid , ending kellys season on ir was stupid .
what a shallow , opportunistic fool .
and yet trumps whore wife violated the terms of her visa and has suffered no consequences .
this is the motha fuckin guy that did the gears of war thing motha fucka .
you appear more irrational , unhinged and ridiculous with each post .
that is not a friggen hat , it s called a cover you idiots .
somehow the state found the funding to be stupidly tough on crime .
lets repeat and remember , stupid is what stupid thinks ( and says ) .
there is no s in fifa its football you dunce
objecting to their idiocy is no sin .
they both suck , not a single democrat or republican incumbent deserves to be reelected .
the problem is people here are too caught up up in bougie bullshit to enjoy simplicity .
your sour grapes are pathetic i prefer to be grateful for our leaders , conservative or liberal
reading a well written piece about an extraordinary individual and not having a bunch of idiots comment on it .
stop editing the truth moron .
what was the fool thinking ?
you cant fix stupid and entitled .
52 , proving you dont have to be poor to be white trash .
what can you expect from the liar in chief ?
it is too bad the us has to deal with this many fools .
trump could likely be an okayish president but he keeps doing stupid crap like this .
kathleen kearon again you talk when you should just shut up !
sadly , this happened this year and we got king donald the idiot .
pretty cowardly of you to track me down while hiding your real name , motley .
theres a big difference between intelligent debate and stupid gibberish .
this village idiot needs a long stay in the gitmo asylum .
just because some jackass is an atheist doesnt mean that his prophets and gods are any less false .
darn right the liberals dont really like choice .
this has nothing to do with the article , but i fucking love paul millers late show .
the only sad thing , is that this moron weinstein got away with it for so long .
almost everything i hear coming from the left is irrational , petulant .
in fact he is pretty stupid .
geraldine , your feeble mind has failed you .
bouchard has more brains than kournikova .
kfgd dave steiren likes to open his bigot mouth and blast across the airwaves , referring to alcoholics .
the irony is that his lampooning is making the liberalprogressives case look totally stupid .
do some fucking research before you remove my shit .
once again how much would you raise the pax rate to drive out the foreign devils ?
wikipedia friends family and bastards .
i doubt either of us makes a rats ass of a difference .
calling someone ngger is free expression too .
kill that fat yobo before he hurts anybody .
dont worry , you will get your pathetic criminal president and obama will simply commute her sentence .
i despise everything about you , and i wish you would go away .
shut the hell up you idiot mentally ill child !
what kind of teacher or instructor makes you watch a stupid video ?
that cretin shouldnt even had her sentenced reduced in the least .
damn right it takes time .
youre just being foolishly prideful .
you are insane , pathetic truly pathetic .
they are junkies and pigs .
fire those two totalitarians now .
the most pathetic president in history is getting desperate .
i dont think kim is a total idiot .
first off there is no concrete evidence that alexander liked it up the butt .
now this is just getting ridiculous !
he dont care what happens to blacks .
youre not even able to use fucking google , can you .
i think you mean the spoiled child narcissist who always needs his ego stroked .
white euro men are such wusses
mind your own business , you troll .
yeah , a walmart full of shoppers pulling their sidearms to shoot the person with a sidearm .
trudeau is the mediocre candidate .
this encyclopedia is stained with satan hypocrisy and bias .
its getting so bad and so pathetic in its credibility its turned into this hysterical cultish thing .
the dominate cultures bad for having forced them ignorant natives to go to school .
its a pity politicians have to be scum suckers .
only a fool believes there is no god .
the politicians want to ensure that all stupid driving is included .
does the navy just think that we are stupid ? .
most kindly said , it is idiotic !
wtf is wrong with you people ?
there the scum is treated like they should be treated .
great way to demonstrate the spirit of spreading knowledge , by blocking people for stupid reasons !
how dare you remove messages that i post on my talk page you wanker .
not exactly brainiacs , more like braindead .
but trump is known to be a shameless opportunist .
quit vandalizing the george bush page you stupid liberal .
the people who cruelly criticize you are ignorant and emotional .
these idiots need to be taken to task .
mr kamkar , stupidbe legal but it is still enough to put you out of your job .
trump is a toxic nightmare for america
cereal has no damn gender .
president trump , who is an imbecile , had no idea what was in the bill being discussed .
he is sick , vile and disgusting .
and by the way , junior , your liberal dementia , eg deluded stupidity , is wrong yet again .
or maybe youre just an idiot .
paul ryan is an utter fool
if they are written with explanation , then that is not blind obedience and stupidity .
now the oil soaked clowns know youre weak .
conditions change so we should change too , clinging to old and outdated policies seem awfully stupid .
i hope they make it zero so all the losers leave the state and be done with it .
one of the worst people on the planet .
thanks for handling this idiot .
this is totally sick and perverted behavior by one and all who commit this type of behavior .
a chump that supports a criminal !
this dimwit carried a lot of viewers from his man show days .
all else in your stupid response is nothing except wild ranting without intelligence or logic .
kesey made a good effort but a stupid movie ruined sometimes a great notion for me .
nfl ratings have been in steady decline since this crap started .
i travel alot and the america portrayed by the fearmongering idiots is not the america that is out there .
what huge hypocrites his supporters are .
law enforcement officials are hypocritical scofflaws .
and these fools were going to take that off molokai to assist in the search ?
tv news is garbage , stop watching it .
time magazine is evidently not impressed with his antics and went with the lesser fool .
his following on this board is literally dumber than dirt .
quit being stupid : vote cpc .
you would understand if you had arse face haemorrhoids !
no mr pitts we saw hillary as a corrupt ultra liberal and we have had enough of that crap .
move back to alabama you hick .
hes a sick , fascist , white supremacist traitor .
goes to show , even the ugly ones can be pretty good smoothtalkers .
you will excuse us if we see this all as a little foolish
what an incredibly stupid heading .
sometimes daughters marry jerks and what recourse .
people like shapiro and antifa are media whores who will do anything to get their names in the paper .
i love it when people make these stupid arguments to try to rally around people like roy moore .
soo caring , soo sensitive , soo stupid .
this piece of revolting orange trash is attempting to use federal law enforcement agencies to spread propaganda .
i do agree with the judges decision even though this guy is a moron .
ah , but he a vacuous hypocrite with a trust fund .
the only person to blame is the sick piece of trash that pulled the trigger .
most people understand trumps comments for what they were the whining of a sore loser .
got a link for that , troll ? .
if you vote for any of these clowns you are what they are .
what is a stupid act ?
a proven racist and misogynist that now will be on the payroll of the taxpayers of alberta .
barnum , were right : theres a sucker born every minute .
yup , cause black men never deal with stereo types about having too many children .
since you are taught from a book that was written by a moron you become one .
now both of you can kindly f ( k off .
i will remove this pathetic scum myself .
trump has swamped the swamp with his corrupt inner circle .
another example of stupidity with licensing boards is the portland area barber .
with all due respect the general is too honorable a man to be a part of idiots st sandwich .
get out my talk page you smelling wog !
there are lots of idiot leaf fans , make no mistake .
lets get this straight its a damn car !
i dont know which column is more useless this one or financial face lift .
so if the elected representative is truly stupid enough good things do happen to democrats .
they are corrupt , they do abominable deeds .
how does all this crap add up ?
fire these idiots and save a lotey .
at least hes not a puy grabbin liar , like the president .
this will make the antigovernment militia clowns even more paranoid .
some people are really stupid .
men worshipping a male diety is kinda gay .
klinton lost because she is a major bitch and joe average figured that out quickly .
i was so shocked , and the entire area smelled like dog crap .
you god damn republicans are something else .
all the rest of your arguments and allegations are just as full of crap as you are .
this is the type of ignorant response to which i was referring .
this is a ridiculous point of view .
she acted like an idiot , and shes getting some feedback about her actions .
what a stupid idea for us .
trump is nothing but a big pussy bag liar .
another muslim jerk , amazing how alaska has changed in the pastyrs .
legalize the blasted stuff and treat it as the health issue that it is .
amazing to me intelligent peoples idiot mentality .
your fight for the emasculated white male is pathetic .
the idiots have taken over .
so many anal people on this site .
then you instruct me to carry out a sexual act on your person .
ill assume youre just a knee jerk all government is bad and wasteful robot .
and in my opinon you are crazy !
only an overpriced rail system , what a bunch of donkeys !
napping is just too nice a description for this government , which is far out stupid and inept .
we are proud of our president and you , we find you to be a total disgrace !
the us is going to be led by an ignoramus no amount of wishful thinking will change that .
so fuck you for suppressing that , you fascists
wow you really live in a delusional stupid world of bs dont you !
thanks for being a gigantic idiot .
im getting sick of all this partisan politics crap .
their false narrative worshipping criminals like trayvtin and michael brown is disgusting .
this guy aint stupid , he knows a good thing when he sees it .
the ones that would recall them in a heartbeat and repeal the idiocy they passed .
the only way to shut up these clowns is boycott their product .
trump is an idiot , that is a certainty .
i think trump is mentally sick .
that is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard .
yet , we blame trump for their ineptness .
so whether you take opiates legally or illegally your body doesnt give a shit .
he can run but that loud mouth ranting lunatic cant hide .
so , their supports ass ume the roll and they go berserk .
i only hope your ridiculous posts are corrected soon .
how did you get to be so obtuse ?
lets start with you , you illiberal fascist !
it doesnt get any more stupid than that .
i was just wondering if youre fucking retarded .
anybody like that dumbass theme park from cedar fair ?
it is this kind of silly thinking that makes you look bad .
doing nothing is better then doing something stupid .
and people actually voted for this moron ?
another bible thumping holier than thou hypocrite got exposed .
her point was the sponsors of thein washington are a bunch of crude , crass , vile individuals .
now hes just another liar like his boss .
just deport the democrats and the snowflakes .
you gop robots are so ignorant !
you are a piece of crap and dont know how to use a computer .
why waste our time and money on your idiotic law .
and makes an effort not to be a dick .
man let me edit the damn pink spiders page .
hypocrite and a huge disappointment he turned out to be .
if mccain likes him we know he sucks .
the idiots batting average at .
stop fuckin wit me goddamn it !
anyone with half a brain can see how you trash would take his full speech completely out of context .
the guy perpetually makes notley look ridiculous .
one for white people and another for blacks .
trump is the result of a thoroughly corrupt democratic party .
frankly , i think this jerk took lessons from bill gates .
let any fuck face try to infringe on my rights , and youll meet my rifle .
probably the same folks who are terrified by the existence of gay people .
how dare you support calling women bitchy and moody , dumbass .
the party is full of cowards , liars , thieves , and murderers .
and all the rest are damned .
i think any one of any party who hides from their constituents is a complete coward and a disgrace .
to vote , we are a truly pathetic society .
you should go check your rectum because your mouth is leaking shite
terry stahlman is a worthless piece of human excrement !
i think trump is more like a weasel than a fox .
the only people more frightening than these cowards are people like you .
the only time i use the lack of service record against any president is when hes an idiot .
you see , some men are learning something from feminists : how to nag whine .
no foul , no infringement on the stupid making the outrageous and bigoted claims .
trudeau can now be seen for the muppet he is , and canadians will not reelect a muppet .
rwl thinks trump tweets like a drunken idiot .
just another rich horne dirty old white man who lives to grab puy .
the public money is an investment that helps that happen , and your silly namecalling doesnt change that .
and he do this for free , just for the joy of humiliating the arrogant and illinformed .
in every school there are vicious bullies like this kid .
just proves these appraisers dont know what the frick they doing .
their parents have turned them into brats not worthyriage .
joe miller is certifiably insane .
dont you just wish you had a gun on you .
yes , ive been a republican for almostyears and i will proudly be voting for that nasty woman !
who said shes privilege because shes black , the kk ?
please stop being an ass thank you .
and this punk kid comes and kills it .
this game is rigged , and canada is the loser .
everyone in trumps orbit steps in shit .
is this the stupidity the dems have come to ?
youve been reverted , so fuck ya back .
is this guy an idiot or does he just play one on twitter ?
just mind your own fuckin business asshole .
, man your stupidity never ends from the left .
saying gib arnold did better really shows what a delusional and despicable individual you are .
the facts are pretty fucking clear .
your hypocrisy is just amazing .
mental midgets think that the chain saw is the only answer to forest health .
tell that guy to do something and hed stonewall your ass til the cows came home .
for instance anyone who believes in the tenants of their organization cult worship are mentally ill .
he makes $ 220k for a side job , besides being an incompetent mayor .
suck it up and try some poutine
this idea of just stacking things into legislation is stupid and ends up with government shutdowns .
first , we get rid of the grabber , then well worry about the next clown on the bus .
wait till they do something stupid , then obliterate them .
trump is unquestionably incompetent , dishonest , and lacking in basic intelligence .
paraphrasing dean wormer , smug and stupid is no way to go through life .
if you hold a knife against the cops you deserve to be shot !
different for the sake of an election promis is stupid when it comes to national defence .
when did the comment section get taken over by left wing losers ?
soon men wont bother with women , they will become gay by choice .
you are the one that looks silly .
let me help the lefties go even more nutty .
i wonder if any of the bishops would be called stupid for asking that question in the deliberations .
if you touch one white child we will make your life a living hell .
stupid state government , who is he tied to ?
if any of this true , hear indians should be strung up and hung out to dry .
look up the word annihilate you bozo
the demonizing of the south is stupid .
well , shortly after becoming an irishman , i was attacked by two fucking muslims .
yes , bill clinton was a pig .
im reminded of what people say about newt : he is a stupid persons idea of a smart person .
it was the usual gutless pieces of garbage who would bend over for a cigarette at a moments notice .
if you dont have experience in this arena then youre an ignorant commenter .
wow delusional , narcissistic and now paranoid .
and thereby , i trap you , my pretty little dumb flower .
with many more to come no doubt , bc is being overtaken by idealistic imbeciles .
of course , the only majority loser dem is clinton .
somebody better tell the asians and indians that they are too dumb to grasp all those heady math concepts !
i dont like my gci bill either but damn !
either you are blind or stupid
amazing how easy it is to point out how stupid trump voters are .
lw1 , you are a predator and need to walk out of this familys life forever .
you shouldnt talk if youre ignorant .
if uh loses due to these clowns then so be it !
so incredibly childish and pathetic !
that was a mistake the stupid asses at funimation made , bardock was never a scientist .
i also expect people like you to run like intellectually bankrupt coward when confronted with your staggering ignorant hypocrisy .
the world will be much better off without filth like you in it .
its really junk reporting rationalization in print .
they would have taken out every bad guy holding a gun .
same silly statement every time theres a bear attack .
he hasnt violated anything except a bunch of whiny , idiotic , democrat losers .
they want to beat you like a dog until your wallet falls out
amazing that the gm moderators wont even allow the language that this lying reprobate used .
mantashe is a disgusting bladder of toxic gas .
youre definitely back on my really stupid list .
prayformojo i know your other account is westernpatriot , you are a horrid person for stalking .
the machine along with their small cadre of useful idiots carried the day .
im an old guy but ill pound you into dirt
khan behaved like a thug and was answered in kind .
trump is nothing but a weak and insecure white supremacist .
you , obama and your marxist comrades continue to exploit and hurt the illegal immigrants .
robert kraft is obviously just a piece of trash himself .
its a public display of his ineptness .
hes a jerk and a weasel .
you dont avoid them by voting for weak and insecure , racist , xenophobe psychotics like trump .
i simply stated sick little kids should be put down .
trumps various idiocies and inane proclamations are likely going to be sorely dismayed .
when are the liberals going to kill the gst ?
tell us again american enviro idiots how were ruining the world ?
his skills are eroding and he is a jackass .
secondly the now unquestionable evidence by the fbi director that hillary clinton is indeed a sociopathic liar .
the rebel has no respect for idiots .
security , could you show this poor , squeakyvoiced clown out ? .
can you test for stupidity ?
its a pity hes such an obnoxious braggart of a man .
better we all be neutered , wear jump suits and shave our heads .
afteryears , the great experiment called the united states of america crumbles beneath political ineptness and stupidity ?
these west coast politicians are scum .
are you so stupid as to believe in global warming ?
politicians and businessmen called this clown unfit and woefully unprepared to be president .
now we are supposed to pay for that stupid wall ?
if you have the balls , and still serve i corp , meet me sometime .
there is no cure for stuck on stupid .
this is bull crap , its not innappropriate everything on that page was true .
so lets cut the crap .
about half a million people use this ip , you cant do fuck all .
some nice stories but from what ive seen most of the homeless are just lazy losers .
adults make stupid decisions , and the children suffer the most .
everybody tell me again how stupid i am to run studded tires .
these kids in comment section are mass media brain washed dummies .
silly boy , those horses are not meant to be ridden .
and those stupid free rides to a texas county seat where free id .
he wasyears old and a public figure old enough to know not to say stupid things .
these morons have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well .
my tesla shares are sucking .
stupid representatives of local business need to realize that the common enemy is the state .
poor little sicko allaha still thinks its ok to discriminate against gay people .
this idea that the press can do no wrong is rubbish .
he is equally as stupid and determined to show his power regardless of the outcome .
everyone else is a fool , but certainly not me .
this kind of nonsense we get from these clowns .
shame on the fools who are turning their backs on the rape and torture of children .
wikipedia should just give up , everyone knows people can just type whatever the fuck they want here .
he has what it takes to stop this crap .
this is perhaps the stupidest comment i have ever read .
you are quite frankly an ignorant bigot
burke is a homophobic jerk but we shouldnt say that he is
canada has disgraced itself as a pathetic joke among our allies .
these drunk dunces have no idea in hell what cartoon quality is all about !
what i should do is ignore ignorant people who make ignorant stereotyped comments .
these losers have a bunch of bad publicity .
stop licking trumps arse and start thinking for yourself instead of having others think for you .
i got stupider by reading this article .
just give it some time before you make stupid comments about how we are not paying all the bills .
the idiocy is yours in the way you portray obama .
we are not as stupid as you think we are .
well you dont have to pay for stupid shopping bags in springfield .
has trump trolled any black or brown people on twitter this morning ?
same group of losers protesting from last weekend , theyll be back next weekend as well .
why do they do this kind of crap .
some of these morons think your comment is funny ?
go fuck yourself , im out .
if what the are saying is true that means many of our fellow canadians are simply stupid .
you are also a liar since i hardly spoke with you .
most pedestrians are so ignorant that they dont care .
leave us awful liberals alone .
that is your legacy , that you really suck as person and you got caught .
give the crap out in single doses at the injection sites .
robo advisors are a lot of crap .
im in a school you bitch fuck .
so pathetic cant even getfree tacos from jack in the box .
time to throw these bums out of office
we have to be smart , and its disappointing how dumb our political leaders are .
i dont appreciate your fucking condescension .
joanna slater is a liar .
there were rumors back inabout this idiot and after watching the ignorant voters put him in office .
the man spews nothing but excrement from his stinking swamp and proclaims himself president .
hes a compulsive liar and a fraud .
all canadians are paying for what the left wing voted in , many canadians were not so stupid .
and why would the republicans be so stupid as to not secure their information properly ? .
short sighted and incompetent politicians have destroyed this island !
you can see the result as the economy lurches from one stupid idea to the next .
thank you for clearly demonstrating your lack of a functioning brain to everybody glenn .
our police departments and the cops who work in them all of them are rotten to the core !
one thing that never fails to amaze me is the hypocrisy of those on the left .
ffs these people are stupid .
how dare you make up this garbage .
im starting to think repubs are a bunch of soft , scared brats .
i will blow the hell out of you chinese stupid bullshit psychos
fire the entire board , tear up the chatter , and get rid of them .
what in the fuck are you referring too .
what a bunch of cowards .
che finlay will orientate your ass !
you exemplify the stupidity and ignorance of the western left .
it is idiots like this that keep destroying america .
its stupid and i just ignore you
sorry pathetic lefties but trump will be a two term president ! .
the state is a boatload of fools for letting her go .
dont play dumb , jay edward !
spoken like a true hatemongering , hypocrital trump supporter with zero insight into his own behavior .
you need to stop putting your sucking thumb in light sockets , your brain is getting fried .
the whole antivaxxer thing is beyond idiotic .
wow that really was kind of dickish and definitely pointless .
great i am a double trash , since i am catholic beside !
you find nothing on this guy online you are a bloody lying bastard .
useless politicians give no tools or authority to hpd .
your abuse of admin tools is pathetic and cowardly .
chinese and italians and brazilians and eskimos do it and , they all say fk in english .
you voters that put this fool in office are now getting your reward .
im one of the fools who took a first glance and said , orangeman .
i have never known a girl to be as sensitive as this clown .
they should all be whipped and quartered !
the state of alaska has been merely sucking tapsteet ever since .
only the freedom caucus is stupid enought to want to do down that route .
you really believe obama lied more than habitual liar , and national embarrassment trump ?
so why would anyone believe this moron ?
then people will know how truly dumb you really are .
its an affront to civilization itself , and this clownbeast claims to represent the right side of history ?
dont be sending that trash to hell with the rest of us cool people .
you are making yourself look a fool , denigrating my service in the us army .
if you cant , you all have to admit what yuge hypocrites you are .
skin colour sic , etc are superficial differences lol tell that to the angry white supremacists ! .
trump is a cancer to humanity and the planet .
so you have no morals congrats on that , loser .
also bull crap on the sexism , rasism , xenophobia etc .
i bet youre ok with natives being treated like dogs .
american english isnt the fuckedup version .
like personally because you enable such nonsense .
it makes you look foolish .
they are shameless staggering hypocrites .
the kk threatens to and does murder blacks that dont comply .
and trump never said that all mexicans are rapists and drug dealers .
you cant vote for and support this moron and still be a good christian .
look over here at this while we implement acents a gallon gas tax on all you silly little people .
krugman would shout that the president is a liar , cheat , , you fill in the blank .
this is how an imbecile crafts a sweeping tax reform bill .
make yourself sane for the first time , get some help for your hate and stupidity
if thats freedom of the press , they deserve to be drawn and quartered .
please , please somebody take that nuclear football away from the idiot .
go get your head checked !
they end up looking ridiculous .
max gets knocked on his fat ass like hespounds .
they are in love and admiration of each others wealth and to hell with the petty people .
shaking my head youre pathetic .
youre a troll trying to mimic someone elses account .
do something of your useless life , talk page stalker !
if theyre normal kids and teenagers , they probably just think adults are foolish .
and preston manning wants this garbage to migrate to canada .
she did not rob a bank stupid
why wont the lying media slimebags learn ?
once again , hawaii is looked to be incompetent
that is a load of crap and everyone knows it .
stop making ridiculous changes to the article you fool .
what a daft allegation , and a complete evasion of the point under discussion .
turns out the harvard study is garbage .
according to my research , both males and females perform fellatio and on both genders .
i would not let that fat orange pig near my house , my family , or our presidency !
i cant believe some of the absolutely ridiculous remarks ive read concerning the noise issue at the olf .
they really do think we are morons !
you keep editing articles and act like its not bad to screw boys .
crawl back into your hole .
for all his stupid tweets , trump is not much different than the others and around we go !
hey , online namestealing troll , you still here ?
trump always find something both silly and comical to twist the conversation .
youd think the lying media slime would get tired of it .
as always he is clueless and lunatic .
an obnoxious drunk shouting gender slurs ?! ?
your post is ridiculous on so many levels .
enjoy , youre bringing this shit on yourselves .
exploiting it and pumping it into the atmosphere is idiotic at best .
can you stop your tomfoolery imediately you bully ! .
who in their right mind would honestly think this orange pig would not lie under oath ?
wtf stop deleting my stuff !
5millim stinks and was wrong .
great summary of a ridiculous and idiotic year .
your arrogant attitude is alarming and untrustworthy .
here come all the idiot mouth breathing anti union comments .
the don said all our generals suck .
you obviously dont know shit .
canada had screwed its tpp allies .
trump is an incompetent fool who only cares about getting elected again inyears .
the writing is totally fucked up !
we just laugh at the pathetic attempt
these men need taken down hard before they murder someone else .
these jerks are on tv doing exactly what this guy described .
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly is foolish enough to put another u
the rest of your post is just more silly sarcasm , so it doesnt need response .
i think we walked into this deaf ( to any contrary thinking ) , dumb , blind and stupid .
so foolish people cant spend a few hours reading simple investment howtos .
the money you idiots give these people are why they are here .
kick them all out of office
i think i have witnessed this idiot driver before .
most of the information is total garbage .
those pigs that tortured that guy had no justification for doing so .
you dont bite the hand that is financing your incompetent business management
its been obvious all along that trump is a degenerate knownothing .
haha , trump , were laughing at you and your stupidity .
of course hes an actual hero as an army ranger not like the fake hero idiots kneeling .
dont be dumb , do some research kid .
sure , its the economy , stupid .
ali talked trash , but he also had the goods .
again , you clearly are a sick delusional public sector paid idiot
i believe we are supposed to be good stewards , not idiots .
so you think the fool we call our president actually has respect for his fellow man ?
where do the wackadoodles that read this article come up with the stupid nonsense that they think is important .
they have become lazy and irrelevant .
obstruction , collusion stupidity , its a coming folks !
this law is absolutely asinine .
young kids make foolish decisions .
they kept the gifford crap going because they were trying to make sarah palin look bad .
thats what idiot trump does not understand .
but that hypocritical foaming at the mouth never put food on the table .
it makes me wonder just how stupid the people running the collusion investigation really are .
do you realize how stupid your comments sound ?
he is a poor quality man and a worse leader .
and i wonder what damcrats are paying for all the latest socalled information put out by that crappy wash .
truly sad and pathetic , get with it yourself .
it would be hard to say if allthese drunken democrats were pathological liars .
this is a ridiculous , fabricated nonstory .
sullivan is a clueless idiot trying to rewrite history to make himself look better .
get a life you lazy broke ass .
weve got an idiot at the helm .
that was a good edit the polar bear is gay !
the hover board stunt was stupid and dangerous , but not the real problem .
oh boy , an incompetent businessman based in boston advising an incompetent minister and politician .
might i suggest that tom rogan and the washington examiner are the clowns ?
whaa , keep crying soar loser
why do you love a draft dodging coward thst loves meat ?
good old joe is not much better and seems to be stupid as a post but not as useful .
get that son of a bitch off the field .
change you will , we dont want you here , dead or alive .
i fucking hate you , ecto .
the most important gap that the idiot needs to fill is the one between his brain and tongue .
can someone explain to these idiot jurors that the days of free money are over .
your a cocksucker u cant do anything to me
his puppet master butts is a marxist
man , what a shitty excuse for journalism .
have the balls to get off your butt and do what you were elected to do .
the definition pathetic is when one likes his own comment , braad .
the imbecile and derelict inspectors checked and said this is not so .
economists like to claim they know math when they are predicting crap from a crystal ball .
tell you bitchass mother to not keep dropping you on your head .
these mental midgets absolutely disgust and sicken me .
hope you have healed well , ms fogelstrom , and best of luck nailing this arrogant jerk .
im really really sick of you bunch of pathetic kids coming on this and making stupid comments !
obama was the bigger liar .
u got all ur nerd skillz and can block me .
no , they just make you rate your posting to be able to post such stupidty !
if the professor had done any research on president elect trump he would know that statement was total garbage .
nan bread is a bitch to make how do you do it ?
quite right payment is none of the governments damn business .
democrats are totally ignorant of economics .
could idiotic selfrighteous people please refrain from editing or deleting my talk page in future .
is your shift over soon troll or does some other troll simply take over your keyboard and continue ?
i dont want to talk to you no more , you emptyheaded animal food trough wiper !
hes unsightly and beyond dumb .
when these idiots and morons show up with no toilet paper and fill the bay with crap .
in my opinion , you are a sore loser .
two days ago i saw a stupid driver driving backwards on a half block .
its wrong in so many ways , its beyond ridiculous .
too bad for you that you cant delete your illadvised and stupid remark .
its entirely because he is a black criminal and adn refuses to list minorities who commit crimes .
merkel is a stealth commie , arrogant , and traitor .
the biggest threat to america has been unleashed and through every legal means , trump needs to be neutered .
theres a crazy , heavilyarmed shooter at your event .
what the hell is wrong with dlnr kauai ? !
and tell them the objective is to gain experience is completely asinine .
the new inventory is a lot of crap .
you upset me so much with your stupidity .
wtf have you done , junior ?
eliminating this vermin from society is a must .
why oh why are taxpayers still insuring all this crap at all ? .
the female and male left are really sick and weird people .
i have blocked this editor becausae hes stupid ( spelling error preserved ) .
because a few are lunatics , you would punish all ?
but , we are stuck with these feckless fools for anotheryears .
sarah kendzior is a mental case an absolute lunatic .
weve had it with worthless people like you .
fucking morons the lot of you if you think this isnt something they would do or at least consider .
what the hell is your problem dumbass
wow the stupidity in this article is only matched by the retarded comments here .
if you revert something i wrote , i dont give a shit and you dont have .
miles nobrainer is an unequaled idiot .
the problem is , idiots watch this crap and assume it is indicative of many alaskans lifestyle .
he is such an ass .
you should stay away from the keyboard if youre falling down drunk though you might say something stupid .
stale fucking bread or donuts .
humans are a stupid animal .
class act being replaced by a clown .
talk about taking spinning yourself stupid to an art form .
he should have been hung in a public square .
you are historically ignorant and dead solid wrong .
his assignment was to investigate scum .
someone should give this idiot a slap on the head .
notice the idiotic things trump and justin do , they live in their own little world .
i seem to remember a certain dotard promising a cheaper and better health care program for all .
men have the right to shut the f )( k up and pay for what women get .
liberalism truly is a mental disorder .
fuck off , you giant twat .
barry soetoro has acted with stupidity and malice for almost eight years now .
( see how that works idiot )
this junk needs to be trimmed significantly .
kyle you need mental evaluation on comprehension of tunnel vision .
im gonna shit in your sandbox in a minute .
that is the best place for wretched people like him to be .
wounding brown bears with birdshot is just plain old stupid .
these people are despicable scum .
it would be better for all concerned if everyone took their heads out of their pink pussy hats .
when will system accept that kema is pathological liar .
for useless f ks that cant get otherwise productive and normal jobs !
our society is going down the tubes and our leaders could give a rats ass !
trump will always be scum .
as usual i cant get through you childish left wing , diatribe .
he made some other poor bastard die for his country .
yea like these left wing losers that are paid to protest , even voted republican ! .
some ideas are so brazenly stupid , only an intellectual will pursue and believe them .
catholics electing a monkey to the white house .
i can call people whatever i like idiot .
he should be projectile vomiting .
yo fucker it was fucking hayes you faggot , not vito .
well , trudeau is a twofaced , lying , gutless weasel , but i do not want proportional representation .
lucky none of their sorry behinds got shot .
he is arrogant and we do not need another narcissist like donald t .
lets be realistic here , the first meeting isnt near as important as trump finding out jrs an idiot .
anybody who does anything with the anc in business or anything else must know they are being screwed !
that should shut you up you globalist dick
no but seriously , you need to put down the weed , it makes you say stupid $ t .
hebe a lone wolf but his kind are ruining the reputations of all muslims .
if kinder morgan stopped fuel delivery to vancouver for a week robertson would squeal like a stuck pig .
listen asshole , you do not delete my pages .
both provincial responsibilities go away you parasites .
what a bunch of greedy , lying cowards these politicians are .
hes the consummate troll and is best ignored .
there is no difference between demo rats and republican elites .
it is about damn time that scorsese won a damn award .
this stupid excuse for losing an election will go forever .
you had me right up until you called the president a goon .
dirty cops should not only be disrespected , they should be incarcerated .
its either the world is getting dumber or canadians are getting smarter .
until then , as i said , they can kiss my ass .
we want you to get out of our country .
wait a minute you voted for the idiot .
is your post implying that the youth are the garbage ?
anyone that accredits there success or demise to the presidency is just pathetic .
the republicans went crazy progressive and elected the first mentally handicapped man as president .
what a buffoon trump is and a total embarrassment to educated people everywhere .
i havent read about any heterosexual priests raping unconscious women lately .
somebody has to keep this bloated lunatic from going off the rails .
youre getting goofy again vic .
hey get your dog to shut up !
if you have a modicum of love for your country , you will not spread your asinine drivel .
as if any sort of oath means a damn thing to him .
it will let you die .
did they bring along a signedxglossy of boy wonder and castro as a token of their stupidity ?
and trump has admitted to both , and either or , both are despicable .
the clowns in the senate are not intelligent enough to do this all by themselves .
yeah , youre a trump supporter all right , whether you voted for the pervert or not .
read the trashy quran , folks , for yourselves .
post the names of these four utter dreg of the earth losers .
if the boss is okay with it , wouldnt they be fools to stop ?
and people voting for that agenda are disgusting .
my goodness what a liar you are .
but i will male one point how come other nations have crazy people that dont shoot every one ?
he needs to grow a pair and tell this lunatic feminist to back off .
why the fuck is this article protected ?
just cant wait to watch that load of crap .
not going to fucking isle of sheppey .
your problem is your bias clouds that little brain you have .
should i just assume that whoever wrote this article was being dumb ?
use your own name to comment in public or i will be forced to call you a coward .
the domain of the lazy and uneducated democrats .
provide a credible link for your ridiculous claim .
has got to be one of the dumbest things that came out of fake news in a while .
id say by a loser , but that wouldnt be civil .
geez , get a damn grip .
im overand i dont watch that crap .
and that arrogant jerk kimmel told us if we dont like he is comments we should not watch .
you went there , dog brain !
good comment , but the reference to the idiot altrighters was a bit uncalled for .
will nobody rid me of this meedlesome fbi director ?
take your liberal crap and leave alaska .
i find it , and you , disgusting .
as usual , showing your pathetic right wing bias .
i dont even fucking like you right now , dave growled .
after busting his ass to qualify .
trump is a lame duck president from day 62
for a dolt like you , plow horse is metaphorical for his means to support his family .
another whiny trump chump complaining that others dont worship his man crush .
moab the fat little beggar !
eliminate the city council because they are useless as the late greor fasi used to point out !
trump is such a bonehead : this treaty is good for the world , not just the usa .
i blame fucking paul tibbit !
is anyone surprised to learn that hollywood liberal male actors ( crowe and damon ) are really misogynistic hypocrites ?
it would be laughable if this post werent so pathetic .
not guilty of murder but of being a really ignorant teen .
who are the real parasites here .
youre a liar and youre stupid .
trump is an ego maniac whilst clinton was power hungry .
kim is not that stupid .
hes like a damn juvenile say , bill clinton said far worse .
your reply was very uncivil by calling me a liar and a moron .
it is rubbish and it is as usual a angloamerican media twist .
state workers are lazy thieves taking advantage of poor alaskan .
it will no doubt inspire the young and dumb to violent criminality
sullivans junior high retort is so do they idiotic statements unworthy of any government employee .
pathetic anyone would think he is an improvement .
while i disagree with the idea that homeschoolers are idiots , the rest of your comment is spot on .
dont be asking for me to be banned asshole .
yes , that young lady was killed in va by ayear old racist idiot .
youre the freak if someones sexual orientation seriously bugs you this much .
are you sure assad is not stupid ?
please read the constitution , youll sound less ignorant .
the rest are cucks and imbeciles , especially oleery .
free shit for everyone supporters have no clue what youre talking about , but youre right .
stop inviting these snotty spoiled shtheads to visit .
i gotta hand it to benham , he practices the best damn taqiyya this side of tehrtan .
it sounds ignorant to me .
it looks like you spentminutes researching this issue , what a garbage author .
if you created this user , whip him to hell .
sooner or later , this guy is going to do something really stupid .
real idiots like trump , not the fake kind .
from the start , let me state that i find the white supremacists repugnant .
isnt it a drag to be so knocked on your heels being soo busted , troll ?
im way better off making a sammy at home than eating that garbage .
youll wish your body had only some crap rather than gangbanger gunfire .
sickening that we taxpayers fund his disgustingly irresponsible immature behaviour with an annual salary of overmillion plus expenses .
wanting to water down your own majority population with immigrants is another sure sign of mental disorder .
do some damn research man .
does that belief , regardless of objective reality , make him an idiot ?
how do you like being a racist pig that votes republican ?
the guys a hypocrite of the highest order .
its an idiotic system offering only one moronic choice .
no , big glenn , he was asking ignorant questions , as he himself now admits .
is pj media the kind of trash you waste your time on ?
the sooner this clown can be impeached the better .
the idiot makes a positive statement and then refutes it in the same paragraph .
there are lies , damn lies , statistics and worst of all polls .
basically , religion is a pack of nonsense .
yes , kick the usa out of norad .
kinda like a fat nasty broad .
i wish us all luck and will hold my breath that we can put the breaks on stupidity .
perhaps youre a pathological liar .
youre the one being silly .
only idiots could vote for these guys in any election .
people of alaska are not that dumb .
what a silly , stupid , inane use of internet bandwidth .
clearly theyre driven by a lunatic .
are you always this bitter and angry because youre functionally illiterate ?
it seems your real problem is all those dang mexicans .
wente engages in the same sort of nonsense .
what a pile of drivel !
its morons like you that give all wikis a shitty rep .
the race started a year ago you rich slimy opportunist .
another asinine comment like all the rest of your comments .
glad you think mexico is a dump , ill enjoy it that much more knowing youre not around .
when it comes to the ignorance of nut jobs like gmreader , you just cant fix stupid
what can the citizens of alaska realistically expect this group of cowards to do ?
homer simpson would say , well thats just plain stupid
both parties know they will look like idiots if the government collapses in a coupleths .
who is marc thiesen , other than an idiot ?
and his cadre of idiots are in over their heads this time .
, blah blah blah , youve been blocked because people are sensitive pussies who get hurt easily .
to say the establishment is fighting tooth and nail regardless how foolish they look is a gross understatement .
if they were not wearing anything underneath they would be showing their genitalia , which is illegal .
they are just like trumpy , pathetic .
trump has been a complete buffoon of a president .
kick the silly sword off the commission .
neil was half crazy but at least he could make a decison .
anybody with that level of ignorance .
one less idiot out there to harm innocent law abiding citizens .
not until they burn down a few buildings .
what a pathetic group of individuals and a pathetic institution for caving into this .
if you cant see that your a complete and willing idiot .
again , fired because of russia investigation not any of the other garbage he started with .
the rebel is garbage journalism .
no logic in you or any other trump republican terrorist traitor bent on destroying the nation .
alaskans would be malignant stupid to allow an income tax .
your friend is a jerk and atwood was rude to ask for the hat .
agreed , you are that ignorant .
pence is a despicable toady who fails every time to stand up to trump .
no president of mine is as corrupt , inept , and lies as much as trump .
darn that pesky legislation , there goes hawaiis arguments for more federal assistance .
this column should have the name how can i make you hate white people as much as i do .
its more of a stab at the idiot that he is , than an acknowledgement of his civility .
ill fuckin edit your bitch ass page an delete that shit .
the malignant narcissist and mentally deranged sociopath couldnt care less what kind of problems he causes .
lets get rid of these russians , the ones that build this junk they call a house .
people who use drugs are just weak minded .
he needs to resight that sucker to shoot higher .
the only ones the writer is fooling are the ones too ignorant to care enough to follow the election .
it is really hard to defend stoopid , greedy people who are easily manipulated .
are you amazed to find out theyre not all mindless idiots ?
why not get rid of theseidiots .
every friggin commercial building has a ventilation system !
you will never be able to get rid of me faggot .
trump did not say fire black athletes .
his mental health problem will doom him to a locked chambers .
so how does trumps grab em by the pussy record make him immune from criticism by you ?
those damn democrats , what with their facts and science and all .
are you fucking kidding me ?
two stupids dont make a right
mccain remains stuck on stupid .
has written some good stuff in the past but this is just dumb .
honouring rob ford would be an egregious example of whitewashing a scumbag politician .
your damn right it is sad who are the traitors and liars that run these papers .
so dont try to act like you know what the fuck is going on , because you dont .
im pretty sure someone is abusing this article , but it doesnt matter , because it sucked before it .
i can just imagine john curtins response at being celebrated by these neonazi cultist filth .
like an idiot , i believed them .
i cant stand donald trump i believe the man is a pig !
if these comments represent society we are all really screwed .
donald , sit down and count your stock options , none of that playing foolish childrens games .
and so no , the advice given to young adults is stupid .
when will these halfwit progressives ever learn ?
what the fck is wrong with people ?
this clown hopes to cash in on trumps hatred and incompetence .
youre making that crap up .
what a silly sarcastic press release .
korea is led by a maniac and the people are too timid to overthrow him .
i never knew they were rich , just silly tourists with loud aloha shirts .
if only this moronic president cared about things like facts and history .
the attempt to equate these like two sides of a coin is totally ridiculous .
bil , im pretty sure that anal beads arent for guys .
our parttime , ethically opaque mayor pulls yet another fast one on us suckers
the poor bastard hung himself , suicide is death at your own hands .
that phobia is for ignorant persons who havent enough knowledge to think with .
it goes from bad to worse with wynne as were treated like gullible fools .
trump chumps like to make up alternative facts .
shit , god forbid there be something unsourced about a fucking current event .
id think about finding out some facts before calling someone else ignorant , rex .
however trudeau likely sees in a politician who is ignorant and buffoonish a kindred spirit .
better eat your damn caviar now because very soon those eggs will be glowing .
hopefully , you will ignore the outright lies and stupidities of finneganw and aggiebean .
you are ignorant except you fill in your mental vacuum with the worst sort of trashy propaganda .
please research dementia before you post ignorant vitriol .
as ive said before ban these drunken idiots from mass flotation .
ongoing posts of your pathetic rant to jail hillary aint going to happen , 8wop .
my doctoryears just retired early having had enough of this crap .
what the hell are you trying to do to my beloved corps private pyle ?
you couldnt make up this garbage .
wow , this is the most ludicrous and biased article .
the level of stoopid is astounding .
you asshole gave me mutiple warnings for the same thing and now im on my final warning .
shake hands with the devil and youll get burned .
no one is going to listen to a wimp like obama or carter .
yes , i do lay much of the blame at the feet of the incompetent obama democrats .
in that last it does resemble its hypocritical whitesupremacist patron , the united states .
compare that to our fool of a leader and his wife .
anyone with half a brain knows the republicans are just incompetent .
only god can change president dunno chump .
fbi agents are consummate liars .
hey cyril you are as guilty as zuma .
i am thinking that the crap retirement system is the one that private people use to retire on .
i wish that i could cutandpaste the whole damned thing .
and that goes for all you sicko squigly sympathizers as well !
around 23billion in unfunded pers should have these fools losing sleep rather than pretending pers will go away .
you make us haves look like total jerks .
thats a damn nice rv .
what will we replace your president is not a crook with ?
and keep the silly trump out of the way .
write your sens and reps , enable competition to take the stupidity out of this .
open that baggage and what you find is garbage .
his draging out the subject is completely idiotic .
lets not be stupid about this .
general colin powell so right when he said everything the clintons touch turns to shit !
this reporter is an idiot .
what the fuck was that !
lets hear the deplorables cook up some ridiculous explanation for this .
wow , you weekend trolls are obsessed with the sodomy thing .
hilliary is a bitch and michelle o is a tranny
say what you will fuck face , i tire of these conversations with your fake military persona .
to someone who remembers the turner diaries , thats pathetic .
there is much this fat little queer does not know .
how does these fricken bums afford to buy cigarettes , its from our taxes !
these selfrighteous hypocrites need to leave him alone .
massive and sustained public pressure is the only way to get these bastards to act .
speaking as a democrat , i honestly dont give a sht anymore .
i thought , this country is so screwed .
damn , must be global warming again .
every single one of them are liars !
the religious are similarly incapable of thinking rationally about religion .
many canadians are leaf fans and sucks at the same time .
more like plain idiot without the savant .
give your head a shake and do some homework before you post rubbish .
we might as well call him president elect forrest trump , stupid is as stupid does .
the morons dont even state clearly what they are protesting .
ohh , the imbecile government union employees in clown suits must be playing their favorite song today .
im so relieved to know that the idiots are arguing about who came up with stay off the booze .
you damn deserve what im going to do to you .
it is funny as hell that you idiots think that a wiki page means anything at all .
a slutty , foulmouthed choice , but their choice , nonetheless .
your post is both silly and rude .
this is exposing the ugly underbelly of being white .
trump wont because he is soulless , selfish piece of excrement but the rest of the nato countries must .
that is a stupid response .
there will always be a few idiots out there , but most people who own guns do so responsibly .
millennial are lazy , dodgy ( when it comes to workwork , schoolwork they do alright ) and dumb .
this is the behavior of tabloid trash , not professional journalism .
he will continue to do stupid , irritating things , because he just doesnt know any better .
bull crapyou need to wake up to reality .
what a monumentally inept leader he has proven to be .
wikipedia is not censored yet you bitch about swearing ?
when you start calling people names like idiot .
the media has gotten so biased and so full of crap that theyre worthless for news just propaganda machines .
thus , mcelroy is a naive , false prophet .
you are just another pathetic left wing nut liberal .
that darn great wall of china also has to go .
no more kissing the french canadian butt for the votes .
he also commented , you cant legislate stupid .
another copy from the government ( if you can call it that ) pathetic .
we are going to miss obama when the idiot child trumpists voted in takes office .
it is not possible to communicate an idiots idea .
black on black crime is the worst , yet the left and the media wont admit to that .
yeah , and your fifteen minutes of fame is over , nitwit !
ps burning books is another leftists protestfutile and stupid but hey , go for it .
again get some help for your stupidity
i am utterly disgusted with him and anyone who could possibly support this monster .
disappearing comments doesnt mean people believe and like this crap .
like most populists he was a charlatan .
why are there so many of us idiots still ? .
that is the most ignorant comment i have ever heard .
dreadstar , littlemountain5 , and some jerk on the internet are retarded assholes .
trump doesnt understand diplomatic language , as evidence by his stupid remark .
republicans have become the party of evil in america .
but some say that you cant fix stupid .
what is even more pathetic is that they dont realise it .
as long as the crucifix remains , all talk of a secular society is hypocritical .
i hope one day you will realize your errors and stop being an ignoramus .
what a sick , sad and sorry legacy .
what the hell is a liberal or conservative to you ?
god how i hate this race .
my labrador has more brains .
i just came in to say he sucks .
to say that masculinity is toxic is stupidity manifested in a malicious way .
raheem kassam you are a sad individual
this mr henderson guy is a clown typical ceo full of it .
78 white men walk inarate christian churches and kill multiple people one of themyears old .
flaming , stupid author of the article .
sure im just one person , but im one person of many who you jackasses have alienated .
well , i call bovine excrement on that one !
and you need to pull your head out of your butt .
when will sore losers move on
strange world we live in run by sjw weirdos .
silly , it is because you do not have science behind the big wind in your sails .
sylvia is a straight up savage .
why would our idiots in government pay a terrorist
dont need proof just say ittines and it has to be true , right you idiot ?
this plan is idiotic and fiscally irresponsible .
so funny to watch if not so pathetic .
mexico government are rapists and murderers and cowards .
i told you that you dont know who youre fucking with !
swift is a snob and should be ashamed of herself .
imho black lives matter is a farce and is becoming a very destructive force in america today .
his enemies are unhinged too .
did the scumbag slip an extra nannie in there ?
it seems to be no coincidence that these cowardly trolls appear on weekends .
why did you block my page you twat .
my advise to black south africans is to be very careful .
if someone tells you that you own oil they are a fool .
the willfully ignorant and obtuse .
i occasionally overhear people jokingly talk about how much the hockey team sucks .
consider these points , you idiots : .
stupidity abounds on the left .
did you notice he called that guy a scumbag ?
blaming algae and making other claims attributed to the climate without evidence is idiotic .
did u forget white people riot over silly things such as sports ?
trump is a damn liar .
republican cowards , as usual , will not discuss gun safety measures .
i have never read a dumber post !
it is better to remain silent and thought the fool , that to speak and remove all doubt
its damn well time we find the courage to take on the firearms industry .
you , and anyone who liked this post are a bunch of ignorant jokes .
both are braindead dreamers and spenders while the people of alaska are struggling to live .
so just chillax with your impetuous stupidity .
can we apply that litmus test to muslims that kill in the name of their religion ? .
there you go again with that stupid aloha crp .
the inevitable outcome of believing in sunny ways is you end up looking the fool .
prepare for awhip out of your favorite pant suited bitch !
youre rather eager to excuse really stupid and ignorant behavior .
how about you print some civil articles instead of focusing on disgusting , filthy subhuman , zombie meth heads !
i think info is really important and the info given on that shit is not true .
none of us want to eat chlorine washed chicken , or any of the crap food you guys produce .
take a fucking helicopter next time .
we will be voting to send your ass home next elevtion .
ill change it againsmate , an then fuckin , ill be the winnar !
president obama was a fool , or a liar .
we dont give a fuck who you are , because we are infinitely more important than you .
as i get older , i realize how truly stupid i am .
hillary was not a terrible candidate at least when compared to the clown .
he sounded exactly like a dirty old man .
ill write the bloody article if you guys arent willing to do it .
of course the senate rejected trumps idiotic plan .
they were always grifters , now we see how craven they really are .
you dont even realize the stupidity of what you just said .
im not very interested in giving millions of our tax dollars to said idiot .
nasty liberal media is picking on poor donald by reporting what hes said .
wow , surprising you even raised the bar on your stupidity level which i never thought as possible .
mainly , its dumb to make a product legal but provide nowhere to consume it .
putin : ( under his breath ) i shouldve let china deal with this moron instead .
you lose credibility and just enable lazy jerks .
she even looks like a hag .
there is proof all over the place , fool .
forst of all get off your fat ass and get a job !
cut them off and they will go back in mountains .
what a dumb and useless thing .
trump actually said , theyre sending us rapists and criminals , but some of them are good .
the garbage they publish on altright blogs is just that garbage .
they got ontario government financial help to produce this garbage ?
he doesnt even know what mocking means he actually believes all the crap he says or tweets .
anyone who thinks this is good thing , is an idiot .
shut up you all and obey to the new master of wikipedia .
my job for the liberal party is to reply to the most ridiculous posts i can find online .
next time add it quicker you sorry sack of shit .
its a shame that its going to be years before they can stick a needle in this morons arm .
your comment is so entirely predictable , as well as ignorant .
the prolife movement is discredited by persons who invoke prolife concerns to rationalizejustify support for this filthy man .
no , stop pulling us into this crap .
what the heck do these representatives think we are madeey ? .
disgusting actions by the liberals .
what is wrong with you leftist nutbars .
isnt there anything else more important than watching her be a complete idiot .
bottom line im jewish and i dont appreciate the dumb jew comment .
( had to look up dotard ) so trump is a dotard .
its time for them to explain the maniac they are protecting in the white house .
this has gotten so ridiculous .
you know all about stupidity with your computer jibe .
what an asshat trump has proved to be .
there are no words that can capture the cosmic stupidity and hubris of us .
do not be a fool .
liberal piggies are no better or worse than conservative piggies .
you will be beaten or killed until you want to dress the way you are told ! .
you fools didnt care back then .
would you still see anything you did in support of the union you represent as a damn predictable racket ?
the poor people of hawaii elected these fools and then reelected them .
what a stupid noncommitment devoid of any truth couched in politicalspeak for election purposes only .
really want cramers balls in your mouth huh ?
admin is a paid scumbag mole and there is no other answer possible .
kill another whale we live on that food
post your real name so that weknow who the fool is hiding behind that fake name .
this makes the religious zealots look like mad men .
you know the sore loser state who want to sucede from the union ?
tell me youre not that ignorant .
joe arpaio is a murderer .
hes talking about vacuous right wing grifters like trump .
congratulations hawaii , you offcially have the most moronic legislators in the country .
i will curse you to hell .
karmas a bitch as they say .
none of your damn business !
spencer , like so many others , is a misguided fool .
he is a complete waste of our money .
but then the incredibly stupid can continue to ignore the obvious .
report the news , damn it , dont just refer to it .
what do you expect from the social worker in chief , kathy wynne , the economic imbecile .
oh , darn it , isnt the dome infrastructure which now obviously needs rebuilding .
this last election one cant hide from the reality that were a nation of a fairly strong moron majority .
you realize how dumb you sound , right ?
recently , they have moved from near silence at his antics to now openly kicking him in the chops .
you cannot reason with an idiot , they are defenseless .
i said block me , come the fuck down here and arr
perhaps we are the buffoons for allowing tis to continue .
in real life a fat dirty slob , not asian at all .
and elsewhere are allowing themselves to be brainwashed by such crap so easily .
if you lie and get caught you look dumb .
your post is no less trollish than old soul .
this potus is dangerously mentally unstable .
you and your coconspirators can keep singing that trump is a jerk !
ryan and sorry gop working hard to shore up their ignorant base at the expense of healthy families .
and trolls are such hateful little demons .
correction : buddhists are wolves in sheep clothing .
little late on the draw there , fag .
airline bosses are some of the most degenerate , psychotic people on earth .
if stupidity were impeachable , how many presidents would have suffered that indignity ?
stop spamming and stop stalking , you creepy weirdo , hoodad !
oswald better then ugly old ms .
dont you hate it when your idiotic arguments are used against you ?
no what it is instead is blatant censorship by a bunch of ignorant bigots .
surely an idiot knows today that fruit juice is bad for you .
what hasnt changed is that the liberals remain as arrogant and corrupt as ever .
cant deal with stuck on stupid .
it is quite pathetic to listen to .
you know , i could care less about her butthurt , than i do for her worthless rino father !
stop deleting my images u fag .
really , what a stupid reply .
taking more from the first peoples is ignorant and evil .
cal thomas is what a stupid person thinks a smart person sounds like .
sales tax in oregon is a fools wish or a liberal .
go fuck yourself you dirty cunt .
they start out as liars .
it is a fools game to play .
you are demented and criminal for supporting the clintons .
you white folks will say anything to deny responsibility for your behavior .
and who gives a rats ass !
time to get back on the same team and kick putins butt !
they will grow up to be corrupt politicians and unethical corporate goons .
what a useless pm of canada !
fuck off you old mull il fuckin find ya and terrorise ya .
you are one idiot of many .
one of us looks pretty silly and thick headed right now , and its not me .
thats why like flies attracted to garbage , i got barraged by trolls .
but who said we are logical , esp our stupid politicians that cant even see the benefits of roundabouts .
and no , i have no interest in reading your junk research .
maverick , my ass , scum sucker half brain ( sic ) should just depart .
now i am reporting you , moron .
these sick and deranged buffoons need to be ousted , now .
she was carrying a sign that said , white people suck .
who the fvck wrote this article ?
your aggressive ignorance will not excuse you when you die early from cancer caused by irresponsible corporations .
or that hate murderer he say get the death penaulty ?
we got fooled by a crook called mufi and his henchmen .
spank them and send them back to california .
if someone else doesnt whittle down this pile of crap , i will .
who are the idiots here ?
please go there and teach them this is ridiculous
the idiot in chief is most at home when hes amongst other kids .
trumps response was stupid and clumsy .
look at my wife or my girlfriend in a way i dont like and ill kick your butt .
that is discrimination , like not baking a cake for any gay person .
hes digustingly and sickeningly gay .
awesome , colorado was already filthy with super fakey surface level christians , now were even more so .
trump is a friggin moron .
trump is a a dead man walking , politically .
resist trumps unmoored idiotic bungling juvenile adventurism .
unfortunately , most clerics are wimps .
what an uninformed statement that borders on the ridiculous .
apparently a liar and a thief from day 22
how about the criminals using firearms pay your stupid tax .
cant their constituents see what idiots they are ?
watch the jane fondas of the world conspire with our useful idiots to get those projects killed .
this is islamic terrorism and nothing else .
get off my talkpage you gay arse .
and the other candidate lies and obfuscates the truth not to mention taking hypocrisy to a whole new level .
what else can a fool do at this point except trot out her emails ?
but you cant argue with stupid and youre wasting your time if you try .
why are you hawking over that faggots page ?
your logic is absurd and petty .
ciaratiara you should really read the whole story before making a stupid comment .
the white supremacists and nazis usually dont vote in america .
edit summaries like no spewing crap out of your ass are not acceptable .
they will die sooner due to trump being president
typical stupid westside badass mentality .
that explains your somewhat ignorant comments .
this idiot is now working on giving the largest tax cut to the rich .
feed him to the homies , let them get medieval on his ass .
why , if its about science would he do that since only idiots believe in something else ?
btw germans in germany show up to these events in clown costumes and ridicule them .
sounds like this guy is a real jerk .
whats more pathetic than wanting to vote for a criminal ?
is there no limit to stupidity ?
this is one of the nastiest people i have ever witnessed serving in a public capacity .
a fool says what he knows and a wise man knows what he says .
if you tell anyone i said this to you , i will rape your jew family .
it is fun watching trump outmaneuver one whimpy moron after another .
very glad to see mcfarlane fire back at that selfglorifying windbag jon kay .
who would be site could be silly enough to think think think this site control your mind ?
these idiots probably going to today lose anyway .
only someone so naive who has never smoked in their lofe would say such a ridiculous statement
if it were up to me , theyd call them dumb phones .
perhaps stupidity isnt the precise term , but it works for me .
i often wonder what makes people do and say stupid things when it comes to russia ? .
you are the most racist person i have ever seen .
why are our students so dumb .
what kind of judicial lunatic let this guy off with a 14 $ bail ?
the perverted freak hog tied me , chained me up to a pole and took pictures of me .
dont be a useful idiot .
did nobody think to make a penis shaped hat for trump to wear ?
thewho can still stomach the moron for whom you voted ?
i dont think like you so we are going to shut you up !
we get these ignorant losers pushed to the forefront because america has a majority of ignorant nonreaders , eric norstog
the stupidity and the evil of the haqqani network in the kidnapping of a pilgrim .
you are a pathetic weasel void of integrity .
this new group of brownshirts are absolutely stupid if they dont wear masks at their rallies .
government is corrupt from top to bottom .
it is better to let half of the people die so that the other half can eat their fill .
i just had to teach that loser a lesson not to mess with peoples pages .
if i ever vote liberal again please poke me in the eye with a sharp stick !
no oil for you , suck it and do without it .
the government doesnt regulate this because its not a problem and this is just overreach by foolish lefties .
kelly , you make me sick .
only to expose feminazi snowflakes like leah for who they are .
these fools never realize we dont have free speech .
the buffoon and his redneck followers are doing all they can to make america white again .
fox news , those frickin leakers .
all the crap so many died .
try thinking before you type , it makes you appear less foolish .
youre a communist disgrace to to residents of hawaii .
and the pay sucks o )
you lib lunatics have no clue how the economy works !
best you start reading books before you ask really really really stupid questions .
yes they made themselves look like idiots just like the pathetic goptards .
if anyone truly deserves the death penalty ( fully carried out ) its this waste of space killer .
he blew smoke up our asses .
youre all fighting and getting and hating each other over these cretins ?
when you start talking about muslim fascists , maybe ten we can talk about your concerns .
trumps surprise ban on transgendered people in the military is ridiculous .
this woman is a hack .
just plain stuck on stupid ?
what we need is immigration reform , not a bully president who acts like a moron .
i gotto put mycents in too saying how stupid someone is !
get the hell off of my beach !
thats all she does is troll , she serves no propose other than to insult others .
schatz go back into your rabbit hole .
fabricius j presents compelling evidence that the law is indeed an ass .
if blacks can say nigger in the white house then what the hell you doing taking my comments down ?
let those eastern bastards freeze in the dark you said .
the dumbest people of all are those who cant identity the better of an available choice .
Rewr"
pigs are just so gross to begin with .
a significant portion of the left wing politicomedia complex are bullies and .
at which point they reveal themselves as the simpering cowardly little manchildren they are .
i would no sooner take health advice from her than i would take financial advice from a clown ! .
you elected the idiot , wear it .
you get who you vote for , and you voted these idiots in .
screw asshole solo , if he cannot hide his identity then he should not post racist or ignorant bullshit .
as human weeds and not worthy of life .
we wont threaten to destroy you to get applause from a bunch of white supremicists .
does your sanctimonious anonymous comment make you feel smug and superior ? .
logic is useless with these people .
this guy is a piece a work ( and other items ) , unbelievable stupidity .
as i already said , that they are white trash can be empirically proven .
even nenshi pointed out the stupidity of the ndp government .
but dig on bro you just look more and more foolish !
barry was a crazed leftist .
well of course i flagged that load of garbage .
i just love how people like you fall from grace by your stupidity .
my other grandfather was an unpleasant bastard .
trump : im an incompetent buffoon .
wtf is wrong with you idiots ?
this is the dumbest thing i have read from dale in a long time .
this idiot was close to being president .
not gonna be able to block me now bitch !
true believers like you are nothing more than perfect suckers for conservatisms epic scam .
someone fix this and get these power corrupt idiots to stop stalking me .
youre a complete idiot if thats what you think .
you throw some dumb label trying to try and guess my nature .
this lying racist bastard , jeff sessions , shouldnt even be in the government much less attorney general .
making peace with a rattlesnake is stupid .
who posted that silly photo .
it is exactly why this kind of crap is happening .
they must have a ton of stuff on these cowardly republicans .
socons are societal parasites and we will no longer tolerate their hate .
theyd be damned fools to want to take communion with this sect .
dont let the door hit you in the ass on your way out !
dont let the door hit you in the butt on your way out .
thats some nuts crap right there mr .
you are making obamma , hillary and her followers look so foolish .
dump this malignant narcissist and delusional , mentally warped sociopath before its too late .
why are these idiots still in office ?
like the people too stupid to realize we have all but killed the oceans and earth .
the only solution will come inwhen we vote these corrupt basteds out of power .
you must be a teachers union thug !
you can shoot the messenger but you cannot kill the truth .
we had a worldclass bus system that was dismantled by these pro rail idiots .
enforce the laws of this country and leave the whiny crap at your front door .
use you own damn money if you haev such a hardon for this .
castro was a brutal dictator .
maybe then the contemptful sneer on his ratlike face will erase itself .
the clown prince is incompetent , as are his close advisors .
these stupid kids put every driver on that road in danger of being killed , plus trooper .
this court case is a bloody disgrace .
is it not completely obvious to everyone that this woman is mentally ill ?
ho ho , you fucking twats really do make me laugh .
it is beyond me how anyone can be supporting this fool .
narcissistic sociopath is the phrase ive seen many times as applied to him .
difficult to believe just how stupid some of the replies to your post are .
so in short , fuck you .
yes he does believe we are stupid enough to believe this
that idiot doctor got millions .
maybe the voters arent idiots after all .
are you so stupid that you cant see this article is about stealing gas out of airplanes ?
but then again , the left sides reputation for hypocrisy is welldeserved .
i say lets sit on our butts and do nothing .
when he loses , his loss will be payback for him being a lying homophobic misogynist .
of course i know the satue wasnt being removed at the time , dont be stupid .
i will alxays return : delete myarticles stupydbitch
when you talk about the lessons of jesus , yet wont live amongst the prostitutes , alcoholics and criminals .
its not hard to see how these whatever clowns really feel about the us .
try to help the cops , if you cant help , shut up .
u guys hav no idea where the hell sabus from ! stfu .
noones that stupid so you were plainly just out to provoke me .
sick and tired of the laughable or poisonous stuff promoted by these religious psychos and attributing it to mary .
hell i would rather have him as the starting qb that the crap qbs we have now .
so quit hanging around writing dumb comments about the clintons .
republicans need to stop making excuses for this mentally ill man .
its garbage , and i dont think it will get enough republican votes .
you claim im not anal like you .
they are corrupt , stop propping them up with these puff pieces .
you fools got what you voted for !
seriously , why are you such an asshole to all of my accounts ?
delete the fucking images and stop sending me this messages !
this article is so ridiculous on so many levels .
republicans are hypocrites , but you knew that already .
and other pages so bitch ass kids can fckin get they reports down quicker .
ok you win stupidest comment of the day !
the zealousness in usurping the elected president is biting them in the buttocks
if you want just homosexual beheadings , here is that link : .
sort of an idiot article .
shit you probably the same nigga that catches feelings listening to that bitch ass drake , ovhoe !
putting pelosi right back in power was just plain stupid .
how did society get so screwed up ?
you dont have a clue , racist .
she and millions of intelligent people will be protesting the inauguration of a complete moron .
then the world would recognize these people for the nazi brownshirts they really are !
just the dumbest politician on the island .
same reply to all your incalculably stupid questions .
what a completely idiotic letter .
this is ridiculous and looks terrible if true .
admit it , you love it you fucking woodhead .
that is the most ridiculous , insane , yet funny comment ever by kruger .
actually , it was more for anyone else who might assume he wasnt stupid .
regular idiots get to be billionaires , build things .
alaskan government is so assbackwards , its an embarrassment to anyone with a brain .
you cant even admit shes a crappy candidate sad .
i think senator wilson is a jerk .
are you suggesting that denver is as corrupt as brazil and greece ?
jack greenmaven is a faggot .
and then fire all these idiots in the state legislator .
the deep ecologists are a goofy lot .
they should kick his ass for good measure when they take him down for treason .
how dumb can we be ?
she is the devil incarnate !
ud is now about homewrecking sluts .
and what the fuck is that fo ?
you are very , very , very dumb .
im not going to admit to somehting i didnt fucking do .
stop picking up the talking points of the low information people and do some damn research .
or maybe they disagreed with my description of trump and hannity as morons .
you know damn well you are paraphrasing incorrectly .
and will tell you useful idiots what to think ! .
medical doctors are so stupid they didnt know how to properly prescribe a powerful opioid based painkiller to patients ?
what an incredibly sexist and mysogenistic and just down right stupid comment .
the one killed was a dear friend to myself and many others so fuck off man
now back up your pathetic letter with some substance , like verifiable facts .
yeah , shes like one of those pretty can whores !
you realize how silly your question is , right ?
wtf are you talking about now ?
youre right about one thing : the republicans have chosen the most worthless candidate .
true conservatives , that are not white racists , will have to find a new home .
your intelligence , insight , and manners are quite poor .
that way you wont have to keep blaming others for your foolishness .
too bad there is no stupid emoji
your a twat and im not checking back so you cant reply twat twat twat !
based on these comments were all fucked .
your posts are abject racist garbage .
dumb dumb donald is true to his word : .
sucking us all dry by paying for state government for the last 22 years and creating the permanent fund .
i tried a practice test , and it was so fucking hard !
john , he is a rich village idiot too .
youre no fucking metal lord dumbass youre a fag fuck you .
what a stupid vote , she is a democrat skunk vomit hiding within smoke to us voters .
screw them , and screw it !
whatd you do today , loser ?
i cant stand these bums and freeloaders .
how the fuck are you moderating me everys ?
youve got this stupid notion that the survival of the fittest doesnt apply to people .
the election can not come soon enough so we can turf this scum out of office
will you please stop posting shit on my webpage ? .
you are right , that is hypocritical that the democrats cant do the same thing .
fire their asses with just cause with no payouts and no pensions !
nevertheless , good on mccain for seeing how stupid that the donald and his fanclub are .
you are such a stupid cunt legolas .
apparently none of you chicken hawks remembers our foolish action into iraq ?
the terminatori tried to update it , but some fucking ass pounder charged it !
you mean how the gop and you are enabling that moron in the white house ?
silly , diversionary comments , over and over again .
so basically dont be such a dick and fuck up wikipedia .
the democrats are horrible horrible people .
beerocrats are nothing more than leeches sucking blood .
dont be using moody blues lyrics in your pathetic post .
thats why trump keeps doing such stupid stuff .
speaking of ignorant , you should learn how to spell big league .
nah , hes a clueless buffoon .
you never been on the damn bus , tlk em 10 : 01 : 59 , 87
is it against to be stupid or discharging a weapon in city limits ?
i think crosby realized that he made a dumb move .
its the same crap like the quarrel about him and theeyes .
just knew the altright loser crowd would be all over this one .
citizens keeps voting in the same political party giving the same idiotic results over and over again .
the big fat conservative companies do gives a rats arse about the environment .
youre just a troll without your own account .
the rewritten rules are stupidly insane , and any support of them follows suit .
im imagining the worst possible outcome , arrived at by the stupidest path available .
you cant be this stupid .
this pathetic story just gets worse and worse .
hi , canadians are stupid , as we allowed foreign speculators to ruin this country badly .
another extremist left wing cry baby post making the usual complete stupid accusations of destroying the planet !
look it up you academic jerk .
comey is irrelevant now , corrupt out !
an ignorant idiot speaking without a shred of a clue or information .
blankman , like it or not he has male genitals !
what an asinine proposition , coming from someone i was not even talking to .
neuman , youre a disgrace , and the worst of the bunch .
he woulda got away with it to if it wasnthe for those darn pesky kids and that dog .
if they are idiots what i can do ?
i believe that charles dickens wrote in oliver twist , the law is an ass !
i am sure this woman is sane and intelligent , she simply enjoys doing stupid things .
it would be nice if the police would cite these idiots before they caused damage to property or others .
what is with these retards anyway .
since bannon helped to orchestrate trumps upset win hes certainly not an idiot with respect to grass roots politics .
but the mad king has no balls at all .
your ignorant comment says it all .
i got refresh 97 times faggot .
good lord people are ridiculous .
we dont want our kids exposed to this crap , period .
you son of a bitch , shup up ! .
they arent violating any guidelines yet you cowards keep hitting that censor button .
and now , he shows to be arrogant , stubborn and dumb .
what the hell do you know anything about military service idiot .
dude , u got a stick in ur ass , lemme edit the freakin montana academy page !
i bet the cia knows whats going on a lot better than a trump chump like you .
get back in the closet you miserable fags .
i am part native and white so stupid white and native human .
the only evidence so far , has , and always will , lead right back to the corrupt democrats !
you cant fix stupid people and careless drivers .
why the hell do you think the women are there drunk ?
if you revert my changes again i will fucking rape you dead .
we agree there , the dude is a wackjob .
what an idiotic thing to do .
damn , your dolphins are active today
that is a ridiculous comment and this will put college students in danger .
sheesh , this guy is horrible .
this is a very foolish statement .
pony up , or shut up .
bud light tastes like crap .
the hate of white males from the progressive party of hate knows no bounds !
what in the hell is this guy talking about ?
trump is an ego ridden buffoon .
if the brewers manager wasnt an idiot the rockies would be tied with milwaukee .
his penalty was so weak it was pathetic .
multiple times tasteless , stupid humor attempts .
either one is a fools errand .
i am tired of the bullshit .
you guys make me sick to basically call this man a liar
and bring in billionaire creeps and criminals !
kelly is a moron whos not only out of step with alaska but out of step with this century .
the administrator kafziel is an asshole !
how stupid do you think your constituents are ?
this program is simply an infantile , imbecilic farce .
henry you deserve my sympathy as you are totally unaware of your ignorance .
you are a racist piece of shit .
your request is just plain stupid .
these jerks have always been around .
good luck getting cory the coward reelected .
luckily i think colorado is smart enough to not elect this dirt bag .
if bandera is terrorist , you are supporter of terrorism .
grow the heck up , and stop being such a big baby about living under justin trudeau .
we are extremely sick of these idiotic remarks .
when you do stupid things there are consequences and they should be paid !
you are a communistsupporting clown .
the government is dumb and way too liberal in so many ways !
true , willful stupidity is not in itself a matter for excommunication .
stop being such insufferable jackasses .
and stop talking about sex with children uthersrgjchillerup .
oh well , thank god none of these idiotic opinions matter the voices that matter , have spoken .
i am tired of him and his illiterate boss .
i had the new gen rondo as a rental and i agree , its crap .
in reality , karma will come for this scums soul sooner or later , and it wont be nice .
darn , isnt american just great again ?
all we need to know is how to kiss our ass goodby .
every year this lady gets nuttier .
you sick oil workers are the cesspool of canada , many of you arent even a citizen here .
oh wait they dont give a crap .
no wonder these idiots lost .
the man is a rolling disaster for this country .
say outrageous crap and the media cant get enough of it .
dont give me that crap of its only hisstart .
he should be beaten mercilessly every day he has left of his miserable life .
dont accuse me of vandalism you psychopath .
you voted for that moron , trumpski .
such a bunch of fools .
just go away nobody cares about your phoney ass fake opinion !
at least youre sticking with what you know best , stupid drivel .
hello , fat , ugly , lonely , smelly little boy .
this muslim man told me that no muslim can be trusted .
honest to fucking god noone can do anything on wikipedia anymore due to people like you .
im sorry i voted for this scum , but the choice was either this pos or ovomit .
damn i wish i could stop using the key instead of the .
agree but they werent that dumb enough to get caught .
this idiot needs to be reported blocked from wiki !
aim those handguns at your tv , not your friends and family .
the state department would be filled with the same junk we had the past two admins .
what a stupid , ignorant , disgusting thing to say .
her crime was to be stupid enough to confuse civilisation and colonisation , like you apparently do .
now i get your worm like work !
konrad comes off like a fool .
well , too bad , fuckcock mcdickerson .
putting your faith in crooks train is incredibly foolish .
your opinions have gone from asinine to assinine .
cr unbelievable , what falsehoods and lies you spew !
pussy bitch , you the same nigga with the name drizzy010 so you just love drake .
fck their power tools and pianos .
ill be watching , and correcting your foolish comments all season .
why would ellen want someone on her show that calls her what this idiot did in her church ?
anybody who claims jbs is antisemitic is a shameless liar or an absolute fool .
pierre you sound like the same guys that wanted to punish gays .
the treasonous traitor still finds the time to pay homage to his puppet master .
should have thought out a few more moves ahead of their arrogant bully tactics .
hollywood scum and their sewer pipe to your childrens mind are supporting hillarious almost
the house believes that alaska are as dumb as they come .
are we to be so bold as to attempt to feed garbage food to billions of people ?
ndp bullshit can be used as a green energy source .
the idiot from arizona favors process over progress .
justin is corrupt , you can take that to the bank
a ) you think im too stupid to understand whats being said or .
the minute you criticize him , hell try to destroy you .
enough confused idiots still voted for him so she must be thinking the same will work for her .
so screw around and cry all you want , its going away one way or another
those folks from texas and their friends prove how much religion sucks .
one deranged idiot drove a car into people , injured many and killed someone .
in this day age of incredibly destructive conspiracy theories important news sources should not encourage stupid linkages .
america has had this silly drumbeat for over two years .
time to throw gardner out of the senate with a swift kick to the head !
where both candidates have ties to a convicted pedophile , the lolita express and sex slave island .
money comes from provincial transfer payments and other insignificant displayed crass ignorance said loudly anglo canadians .
yes , hes a boorish bully type , and so on , and on .
maybe i could create a page dedicated to your faggotness .
our national security has been compromised by having a moron in charge .
you already burned down to a crisp in fort mac by your own stupidity , already .
yourmost stupid comment but i am sure you will do better .
so you voted for this idiot and regret it .
its either justin the crook or some other braidead useless schmuck .
a sick dog must be put down .
they are corrupt and no one trusts these snakes .
these representatives are a bunch of spoiled sonsofbitches that promise but never deliver .
you too can become a troll for vladimir putin .
justin trudeau is a liar and is breaking his word .
ya wikipedia sux ass they deleted my pic .
dont be such an easily played fool .
hahahah your an idiot why dont you leave the talk here so everyone can see it .
wow , does this site attract an enormous number of ignorant , misanthropic and apparently clueless and childless trolls .
trump is a very bad joke .
china can go straight to hell .
another crap fest brought to you by our local merchants .
you are a worthless piece of shit .
you are absolutely right this new system does suck big time .
conan is too stupid to ask the expresident weinstein friend .
holy cow , what comment sections are you reading where harriet tubman gets called a nigger throughout them ? !
duuh , stupidest headline that i have ever seen !
what a useless , self contradictory , specious piecek article .
theres a liberal pc moderating jerk playing god thestaradvertiser .
what is stupid is our damn dependence on oil coal ! .
you know , this is just silly obama is trying to destroy america .
before you bigots and native trashing racists go any further with your unproven conclusions about us , consider this .
youre so blindly partisan itd be laughable if it wasnt so pathetic
no , hes still the same idiot .
dems still dont have that understanding , which by this point is beginning to look like sheer stupidity .
its the same crap every week .
president trump will continue to move forward regardless of what you losers say or do .
stop making bombs then you idiots .
fucking christ , youre just as bad as the rest of them .
get the stupidity meter out the haters of the left are ramping it up with every post
and hes a lonely , overbearing , pretentious twit !
of course , the republicans were elected by white folks too ignorant to follow the money .
you saying he suck does not make her better .
guess i am just a bit too dumb to vote .
and he isnt a racist unlike jason z and his potty mouth .
it will be fun to watch these dunces squirm .
they are sitting in their offices laughing at how stupid canada is .
if trudeau had any balls he would wear a toronto police uniform when he marches !
what is this comunist shit on continuation war ?
no , but if you stopped posting stupid comments it would .
then we wont have to hear from this guy or the transgenders again .
stop playing good cop bad cop with your fucking retarded dahn hack forestgarden .
this scum bag is not to be trusted .
or is that only a stupid tactic when babcock adopts it ?
how the innocents suffered because of the witless stupidity of a single jerk .
honestly this is just a dumb article .
withdrawing from the paris climate agreement would be an actumental stupidity .
he needs to improve , no doubt , but we simply got our asses handed to usnight .
i suppose you love soros a former nazi thats tryoing to cram his disgusting ideology down peoples throats .
one of the most ignorant deluded opinions ive read in this forum to date .
mugabe should just keel over and die now already .
he immediately turns on people for random reasons because hes mentally ill .
if the bill passes , there really will be resentment against muslims because this is a farce .
this buffoon is showing the rest of the world he can do a better job than his predecessor .
you need to find a better mcdonalds , they are screwing you .
this is , once again , asinine beyond belief .
why dont the clowns who own this team spend the money on a pitcher instead ?
but in order to protect myself and my loved ones i willand dokill them , and legally .
these people are pure evil .
now if adns stupid banner would go away .
when you really think about it , the voters were incompetent .
or maybe we could just bin all the crap ?
just a load of garbage so lazy .
youwant to shoot all up and down the aisle just like that idiot in the black church .
angry mob of promarijuana folks asking for her job is ridiculous .
people amaze me with how ignorant they can be
trump supporters believe jesus will fix the planet , thats how stupid they are .
she is easily the most corrupt woman in the u s
in the end aside from being sociopathic they are delusional .
what kind of maniacs follow a religion with that kind of hate at its core ? .
translation : we had to get enough stupid people to vote for trump to win .
yeah , lets not get sidetracked from the disgusting behaviour of our clown prince and his imperial behaviour .
there are lunatics like dylann roof on every corner .
hot damn these people are wringing their hands like a bunch of worrying housewives .
you are liars , how can you complain about another one ?
why would isis be stupid enough to even try ?
he was probably liquored up as most of these immature morons are .
the hypocrisy of the left knows no bounds .
i want you to cuddle that stupid lefty , dont treat them like they deserve .
its time to kill them back , when caught trafficking these terrorist deserve to be exicuted
fucking jack off , get the fuck off the internet .
would anybody trust a snake like him who speaks with a forked tongue continuously ?
i want them hung and removed from society permanently .
makes you wonder why he supports this incompetent jerk the other
why do dumb reporters think someone should immediately respond to them ?
the vast majority of the voting eligible population here are idiots as well .
id suggest your hypocrisy needs an overhaul , but thats never going to happen .
isula what a ridiculous statement to make , ha , ha , ha !
really pisses you off that obamas black huh ?
put up or shut up !
who the fuck cares asshole ?
and then she says the most unbelievable statement in the history of political stupidity .
that idiot helped get us into this mess when he voted for 0bamacare .
hodad , you have some of the dumbest and least informed postings .
we need protection from muslims since they have showed how dangerous they are .
that is because florida is horrible place run by horrible people .
evil white guy in pickup truck ?
why are you being such a gimp ?
lots of women also like porn too .
simply put , he wants the pope dead .
looking for attention causes people to think and act like idiots and he personifies that .
its getting sidelined with crap like this that cost the democratic party the presidency .
russia just broke the geneva act , you people are absurd at best !
why are the biggest loudmouths the most ignorant on the subjects they rant about ?
the ignorance of these lunatic lefties never ends
a racist bigot in our midst .
the young generation got dumb .
the only way whites can purge their inherent racism is to elect liberal blacks to office .
and guess what , we dont give a crap who pays for the wall you guys are suckers .
its like telling your girl friend shes fat then asking her to marry you .
how dare they kill osama bin laden !
not just stupid bambastic statements , or not knowing that the russian are in ukraine .
he is a clueless dunce and i wish we could run him out of town on a rail .
you be a no talent rock stah .
one guy got out and shouted allah akbar to show his idiotic devotion the other sped away .
fucking disgusting people you are .
why did you delete my page do you have mental issues you cow ?
every ethnic group talks trash about the others .
perhaps as a husband he is a complete ass , emotionally abusive .
but for people to just waltz in without paying their dues and becoming resource consuming leeches is disgusting !
end the stupid , destructive criminalization of peoples choice or weaknesses and the opioid crisis would disappear .
stick to the topic lesgoo , getting a check from ss and 69 taxes is hypocritical of you .
shes a fool , just like trump .
im glad the moron showed .
had i pulled this crap , my employer would have had me escorted off the property .
stop fucking sending me shit !
as i said , now its trumps turn , and he is truly jeerworthy , the buffoon .
what a bag of poo .
the womans lies are getting more pathetic by the day .
keep those posts coming , i just love making you guys look stupid .
actually you are ignorant and stupid then
just because we want to be tolerant doesnt mean we have to be stupid too .
and a coward who cant speak for himself and is always hiding in the shadows .
ah yes , an assholei have arrived just in time
we are done with the unamerican , disrespectful denver broncos !
the survey is ridiculous and nonscientific rubbish as only one president should be ranked for one placement .
to those who are ignorant : .
what in the hell would possess you to drop someone on the ground from your car ?
its no wonder some have already described it as the silly council .
so we should wait until a child is killed ?
the idiots driving massive suvs like race cars are not causing enough problems ?
its disgusting , wolf , i dont know what else to say .
please shut the fuck up .
very costly now , but in time will get cheaper chepeer cheepper cheapeer tweet tweet shit .
kennedy , who was known for screwing around behind jackie os back with other women besides marilyn .
you obviously know very little about alberta and northern canada or you wouldnt spew such garbage .
now that specifico has chimed in with the usual bullshit , it is time to close this discussion .
give it a rest you psychopath .
what a life a this loser leads .
so next year if you apply for yours , then youre a hypocrite , mike .
they call it makeshift cause it was built by the renter , not a damn contractor .
personally , i agree with metooist that bottled water is stupid .
a carbon tax for canada is just ridiculous .
all of you nfl trash can now feel the wrath of millions of former fans .
i notice you like to comment about the leafs quite often with pathetic and childish comments .
with trump leading an echelon of moron voters , hebe reelected inespecially if the midterms retain the republican majority .
i wouldn t follow that douchebag anywhere .
you havent got the honesty to admit trump drafted a piece of garbage .
as they suck each other off on their imaginary pedestal of greatness .
theni would wonder why you are even tryi g to do such a dumb thing .
please get immediate help for your hatefilled progressive psychosis !
and their reasoning behind doing it is dumber yet .
would you rather a ) agree with me or b ) post silliness .
that was pretty stupid and short sighted .
why the hell didnt someone shoot his ass ?
i make stupid comments sometimes .
its sickening that this guy is the leader of our country .
glad to know we arent the only state that has the buttery road and foolish passing issues .
stupid people who are smart enough to grasp that they arent particularly bright are tolerable .
i cant stand idiots like you .
the rest are too stupid to grasp it .
the bc liberals are corrupt , inept and arrogant .
scum like robert kraft will be on the losing side .
( imho term limits would help a bunch to avoid this kind of garbage from congress .
all any decent person can say is that they are crooked misfits and deviants .
to state it mildly , i am apoplectically angry at the sonofabitch .
could you please cite your source for that ridiculous statement ? .
which is , itself , a stupid stance .
its a pretty shit name .
i was upset when canadians elected a dope smoking blockhead , but nobody reported on that .
all that collection of jerks do is threaten me .
one can feel the writers complete exhaustion with such garbage as spethe boyman at google .
the task forces recommendations are stupid .
ive been at it as a value added farmer foryears in this pathetic state .
sad anyone was taken in by this clown .
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit !
or you must be wearing those sport briefs or tighty whiteys omg how stupid !
you are too stupid to understand that this is called negotiating !
you can no more wipe out radical islam than you can wipe out the terrorist threat of white supremacists .
simply because any lawyer under oath testifying under camera would have to be an idiot to risk a lie .
trump a chance to mend his reputation as an unredeemed sexist pig .
what a load of absolute rubbish .
cant hide the fact that trump is a narcissistic , illmannered buffoon with poor social skills .
trump is a lowlife pos , but still a better option than crooked hillary , her flying monkeys !
idiots supposedly didnt know they had extra $ 19 million .
trumps hundreds of documented lies rather stupid .
this wikipedia stuff is good shit , next rounds on me aye .
shut up , your getting annoying .
he doesnt care about you and me unless you are muslim .
why else would she write such a garbage column .
i dont feel safe with those proven dangerous asshats being allowed to go to these festivals .
this russia bullsht is just that , bullsht !
only the people totally ignorant of history would show this much contempt for their own population .
nobody cares what the bumbling fool in office does on his way out !
oh , please , not this stupidity again .
that liberal media show had bannon tied in knots , and exposed him for the fool he is .
a federal prosecution is a total fuck story .
damn just all get in the pool and enjoy the party called life .
it really is something that hinges close to idiotic showmanship .
see how silly the line of argument is ?
your comment is absolutely stupid .
every time you idiots move you waste billions .
i still support trump , you democrates dont have a party any more so shut up
both mlb and espn are ignorant biased east coast shills .
it said under contruction , dick !
scary thinking that our fate is in the hands of such compromised and imbecilic people .
in the city , attached to a car around a roundabout is beyond stupid !
kasich is just another cry baby losing candidate to the victor donald trump .
bullshit , japan should have finished .
weve waited for years for you clowns to come up with something , anything .
you serious right now cunt ?
now some idiot liberal judge says it now the reverse .
what a fricking clown show he is .
joe hates the truth , he is a liar , a turncoat and a fraud .
how dumb do they think we still are .
throw the book at the thugs .
im sure she will side with the islamo fascist killers !
those cunts need sorting out !
i said only fools will be voting for current gop pack .
from all the moronic comments here i gather none of you have any first hand experience with sarcopic mange .
if the royal you doesnt want my help , you can go fuck yourselves .
put your head out of your butt dude !
( gives a whole new meaning to save your crap doesnt it ! )
obama was an ass to romney with the whole candy crowley fiasco .
thats why im in alaska , far away from toxic freaking parents .
and thats only a fraction as screwed up as pera .
trump was elected because of something else : the stupidity of voters .
i think it was a very foolish move !
its sad that you see her as an embarrassment !
why did you run this ridiculous nonsense ?
the shite this newspaper will come on with is incredible .
at least this expansion was designed by local architects , not the chipperfield jerk from england
colorado springs and boulder both have the issue of idiots feeding and encouraging bears to come into the city .
cognitive disconnect is a feature , not a bug with these clowns .
if you had one fucking ounce of integrity , you would compare the very original article with my contributions .
us dirty hippie commie ( probably gay ) pinkos are the good guys .
my other question is who are the useful idiots ?
he was driving like an idiot and caused a death .
he should be hung for treason .
let me guess , youre young and would rather screw the old .
ambrose99 making stupid remarks is useless , do some research and then make a comment .
he is mentally incompetent and everyone knows it .
only a fool would think its a normal government .
i have run out of words because south africa has run out of balls .
why dont you take your own fricking advise , chance ?
i said stop fouling my discussion page with your unsolicited and unwanted nonsense !
i hope they dont let this loser anywhere near the broncos franchise .
yes , some people are too stupid to run their own lives .
dont block me i am right and i fucking know it .
trying to get a paying passenger off after they had settled in , was dumb .
gotta love our hypocritical bc environmentalists .
these jerks were in possession of thousands of dollars of stolen vehicles .
its not like i called him an ass hat or something .
thats some weak stuff , dick .
looks like these idiots who delayed the project was from the city .
, so do us all a favour and just fuck off instead , hahaha
men performing drag of women is a form of blackface
nothing amusing about this tragic idiocy .
its the damn disrespecting of the national anthem at the start thats the offensive part .
foolish , so when you are shown tolerance by a group , you let another groups intolerance destroy that ?
damn when will adn stop the bleeding here ?
it , like , totally sucks when you have to substantiate your claims , doesnt it .
gads , i hate your cruelty .
its something thats true by definition , idiot .
the colorado politicians are not focusing on their jobs instead they are making pathetic attempts to be global leaders .
so republicans are stupidly going to raise their taxes .
hedrag down the gop with his stupid antics .
making stupid decisions and destroying canadian jobs .
you run with hyenas , you gonna get bit on the butt .
got that that yeow coward ? .
what a ridiculous , hateful post .
these two schmucks wore slippers to their bookings ?
stupid dems wanted a special prosecutor and now they will regret it .
do you idiots actually do any research ?
stay white and proud you clown .
its just the damn internet .
please god , keep both these jackasses out of the public sector from now on .
to como you said wow you love to show off your ignorance .
( ( in case you are to lazy andor stupid to look up facts ) .
the grainy photos they release to the public are not the ones they use to find these idiots .
wow , thats the most pathetic attempt at deflection ive seen to date .
he was not from michigan u stupid .
so you would love to see the commys win over a duly elected democratic president , man you are sick
never take any responsibility and then post silly comments blaming liberals .
clinton really is a pathilogical liar .
go away already , you creep .
show one once of proof trump is working with the nazis , what complete garbage .
silly rabbit , the banks always win .
another commiecrat criminal who looks like she has serious health issues .
gay jokes are offensive to gays and obscure words connected to a star trek episode are offensive to natives .
the only troll is azira herself , trolling for islam and for western civilizations submission to the koran .
do you like a lying president ?
stop sending me messages on your stupid fcking system .
cause youre just too stupid to understand shit .
if there were ever a group of stupid people its left wingers and democrats !
and they keep printing this crap .
you call everyone ignorant but you are actually ignorant on how an investigation can hindered and harmful .
im war with ultrachristians ultraracist and other jerks , warn me for what ? contributions
obama is the ultimate bigot .
sorry morons , you continue to lose .
make real articles , not stupid speedy dleteion you jew .
well , it is one of the sickest , depraved , pshychoticically abusive books ever published by mankind .
he looked like a fool and it would have been better not to announce his failed plans .
wonder if the moron is married .
vote the clown out in 2020 !
why dont you give a helping hand instead of poopooing this with your drivel ?
he has his mothers brains .
he didnt say only the black kneelers should be fired .
u useless ocd psycho , u dont have anything better to do , do u ?
read your prior ignorant irrational posts .
damn , you do some crabby neighbors .
democrats are fake , liars , deceivers , etc .
so , read up a little , and try to stop passing along stupid misinformation .
we have a good health care education system , but our health care delivery system sucks .
86 foreign is as racist as it gets , cloaking it as immigrants fools no one .
2 words for you : russian hookers
thats just stupid beyond belief .
second , maybe if you douches would read the damn edit summaries , this wouldnt happen .
killer pit fighting dogs attract degenerate people .
im going to be blocked no matter what happens because dickheads like john lyden are administrators on this site .
that laughably ignorant comment by mr .
guess when you suck at what you do , you have to do what you have to do .
but not as important as votegetting no matter how ridiculously hypocritical it seems
hey kylie , you wouldnt know truth if it came up and slapped you on the backside .
after all they voted for this fool .
where is that dick mccallum now i ask ?
if a canadian pm went down the same path as britain or germany concerning immigration he would be crucified .
at that point they are no longer the resident genius , theyre just ordinary jerks .
lucky , this morons parents could afford high priced lawyers to allow him to get slapped on the wrist .
a your wimp is traveling across canada instead of building trade strategy .
its the adults who are screaming and carrying on like idiots .
maybe we should just all give him the silent treatment and hope he buzzes off .
this is what happens when you put fools in charge of a city .
i hate nosy tsa , security people , and obnoxious cops .
blow me and ban this ip from the whole site .
bitch , stop vandalizing this talk page .
the only vandal here is you .
so stop being such a sexist yourself .
any moron could have predicted that one of the offended actually did the deed .
both donald and bill are disgusting and repugnant in the way they have handled themselves .
a small group of masked jerks disrupted the demonstration with violence .
and any fool can just enter locate x
how stupid to think canada is different .
mika is so tight with the hollywood crowd its pathetic .
keep this religious garbage off of the news website !
dont call me a troublemaker you pussy .
ps : im a fucking cunt piece of shit .
typical left wing stupidity bs from this idiot
damn , someone who actually knows history and religion !
ive probably tackled birds more difficult than a cocksucking fascist schmuck like you .
i just think he was and is an arrogant , lousy mayor , nothing to do with race !
every time i look at flynn or hear reports about his activities im more convinced that hes a moron .
comey was proved to be a liar several times today in his testimony .
sadly , stupid people have no clue what such a lawsuit entails .
do society a favor and crawl back under your rock , kenny !
what idiots you talking about ?
no wonder ontario voted for these liars and thieves .
here you are now trying to run your corrupt bullshit game on him some more .
imagine someone this dumb actually being a canadian ambassador .
a pathetic comment , in the extreme .
mine ur own fucking bussiness .
sorry stupid behaviour doesnt end with car drivers .
obama has proven numerous times he loves traitors and criminals , being one himself .
we also see the mockery of known truth by ignorant buffoons .
trumps base are just dumb people who think he is what a smart person sounds like .
the scariest thing is literally hundreds of these creepy clowns could fit into just one tiny car .
the iowa idiots are a real baseball team ! .
youre totally right , trump is a nut .
fuck you wikipedia , you are a bunch of fags !
dont be a partisan coward .
you gawd damn commie cult freaks are going to destroy our country !
if i want , i will upload the same images , who are you to command me cocksucker ?
you are one stupid fuck if you actually think the democratic party is even worth wiping your ass with .
to imply that our survival and wellbeing are dependent on a finite resource is absolute stupidity if not madness
so , you are a liar about the open book .
this also applies to the robed fools on the supreme court .
i am tired of their rubbish propaganda .
whoever wrote this article is a piece of shit
doesnt matter which party you support , both dem and republican elected officials are pathetic right now .
the lies from the whining , buttsore crybaby losers continues .
seven yearold black kids playing with toy water pistols dont .
the foetid stench of hypocrisy lies rank over the hierarchy .
free market doers pursuers of respectable ideals should not be impeded by intellectually dishonest , selfserving hypocrites !
good riddance and take your butt with you .
what the hell are you doing ?
but when the democrats do it , you people pitch a bitch .
you dont seem to get the i dont give a shit concept red .
is it to show us just how ignorant some of hrc supporters are ?
trump looks weak , indecisive , stupid .
anyone else out there ready to sign up for this crap ?
one idiotic moron is not colorado .
what a load of crap .
both are megalomaniacal , xenophobic pathological liars .
holy crap , what an astonishing story this is .
hard to believe someone can be that ignorant .
trump must be squealing like a pig .
well , that was a stupid comment .
sorry suckers , bozo is ur president .
and was following obama who stunk even worse .
our forefathers would be embarrassed at how pathetic canada has become .
brennan is a traitor to the american people .
two schmucks trying to game the system .
the constant whining from the sore losers warms my heart .
almost every instance of shit was removed , consistently with $ or similar characters .
to say we were a threat is ridiculous .
kap sucked behind gabbert on the 49ers , now hes the savior for the broncos ?
just becausejustices put lipstick on that pig doesnt change it .
youre weak , shut the fuck up .
hes a creep and a jackass , but hes not entirely incorrect with this comment .
great , there is no question you will support this lunatic no matter what .
for the bible thumping idiots .
can you imagine if your pharmaceutical meds were full of garbage ?

can you imagine if your pharmaceutical meds were useless?"
were sorry in advance for whatever that buffoon says or does into your country .
they must be stop from posting crap and lies on fight dem back .
they are filthy and disgusting humans who behave in this manner .
its more because hes an imbecile .
what a misleading and idiotic headline .
chaos was more or less over , but they kept the fundamental stupidity of moving clocks at all .
and clearly your reply proves yet again not only hate but stupidity comes from the left .
its about time someone called out the religious bias and stupidity in politics and society .
here wo go again some jerk did not listen to the cops .
pokemon netbattle is some awesome fucking shit , and youre a goddamn cunt for not realizing it .
how can a whole state be this stupid ?
this is the dumbest idea i have heard the conservatives and ndp come up with .
stupid city missed out on a really cool idea in that tower .
this new ( corrupt ) ny suckup is no good .
he tried to steal my money , the dirty dog .
and charging at others as being hypocritical ? .
every race , religion , gender and political party has its losers , lunatics and scum .
end of your very dumb hypothetical situation .
you are correct in that many knew this bill was crap .
advertising your gross ignorance of history does not boost your reputation .
how did ontarios hydro file work out from these clowns ? .
this is what brad sherman and his despicable left have done !
this guy is so obnoxious he should be barred from the white house .
no place for this kind of bs crap !
we will suffer the most from trumps stupidity .
you are what professionals refer to as a loser !
she is a nasty piece of work .
that was flat out crap !
your mother is so fat , she thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand .
bats has been too good for too long to have to listen to that crap .
the only losers are the jackasses you seem to represent .
freeland acted like a petulant little kid .
dear barry bonds , you are either an outright cheater or very stupid from the usa today .
cant stand attack on holy mother church by hypocrites .
only a total crook would do what these scumbag libs are planning .
dont you fucking touch my edits again !
if they dont like it kick em out .
you never fail to live up to your lunatic left wing fringe billing .
catholics are much easier targets .
you straighten out that chicago problem and then well tell our cops to stop killing unarmed blacks .
where they are the landlords from hell .
hes done more inweeks than any dick politicians has done in a decade .
and people wonder why right wing idiots are drawn to alaska .
that way he wont be blamed for his stupid comments .
if she chose to go on national tv looking like a clown , thats her business i guess .
the author of this putrid garbage , saunders , is a nauseating , repulsive , enabler of infamy .
nazis murdered six million of my people .
the cra is useless and they should all be fired instantly .
and stupid patrick brown also endorses carbon taxes .
nahh , just more stupid accusations with nothing to back it up .
the left lane isnt reserved for the most reckless fool .
this is too ridiculous an idea to contemplate seriously .
look at the politics of this horrible monster
i get it , men are evil .
drivers are no saints ( especially the distracted driver idiots ) but pedestrians need to be responsible too .
wavemaker nailed it about those trolls .
stop the idiocy for gawd sakes .
you jerks never have enough and so many folks are angry over it .
does he ever listen to himself preaching like a fool .
after all , they all lost to a moron .
i can do whatever i want you big loser .
this is truly garbage in , garbage out .
hes most definitely a sick , fascist , white supremacist traitor .
man will you get some help for this brain washed liberal bs you live in
only an idiot would vote for him .
you liberals make me sick .
seems you are a pornographic maniac .
seems like this loser just doesnt want to do his job .
let other states be the stupid ones .
this is because youre a god damn m oron and bill is a tremendous cunt .
hes not looking for terrorists he just hates muslims .
i guess you missed the hypocrisy of christie lolling on a beach he closed to everyone else .
the only logical conclusion i see here is that trump is a lying sack .
wow are you easily brain washed , a 33 .
elect both these idiots out of office ! .
brooks , would you please join the damn democrat party and be done with it ?
there is no defending stupid .
so somebody who is just waiting to crap on the team , i suppose it makes little difference .
you little fuckingyear old kid .
you need to realise it , as your life is dripping away on being wikipedias bitch .
the mens rights movement is as pathetic as the flat earth movement .
what disgraceful small men we have leading the executive branch .
by todays standards everyone inwas homophobic and misogynistic .
the whole lot of conservatives are a waste of news space , air space and parliament space .
campaign ad tagline : washington dc is full of trash .
perhaps realizing how stupid his comments sounded , he stormed off in a huff .
i find it amusing having a feckless dimwit for a leader .
assuming they can aim the darn thing .
canadas politicians are totally useless .
government already sucks enough blood out of the citizens !
i have to admit the republicans are just as useless as hirono and shots .
they made $ 4share inwhat a stupid comment .
the oscars and the nauseating speeches about trump look pretty stupid now
the get those losers outta here , man .
ignorance and negativity go hand in hand .
only an idiot would believe that .
does he have any idea what kind of an idiot he sounds like ?
these flip show people are con artists sucking idiots into another scam .
news baby asked if comy lied , trump never said comey lied you trashy reporter .
lets put this murderer in prison .
this mine will not be stopped hahahahaha losers .
no , just gays who marry .
no , then youd actually have to admit your stance on guns is ignorant .
we ( canada ) are embarrassing dumb sheep when it comes to this guy .
most ignorant people i have ever met .
the tpubs are talking to their angry , divisive , ignorant base .
can you say illegal alien or radical islam ? .
in the form of idiotic tax credits is in no way whatsoever , .
what losers who dont know proper english say instead of idea .
next , those darn pedestrians crossing our streets and walking down the sidewalk at my expense .
lisa murkowski is weak kneed .
then its an idiotic thing to want .
now you guys are finally getting a taste of the sht show .
but of course that would take the fun out of laughing at the stupid comments .
before you remove this , let me say : little hypocritical hitlers like you make me vomit .
a day doesnt go by with out seeing garbage like this in our news paper .
this is the most asinine article ive read .
you position is pure sanctimonious hypocrisy .
this is the height of canadian medias stupidity .
so senselessly stupid waste of lives .
and you dont have to look far to see an idiot on the sidewalk on his bike .
governments all over the world are corrupt , inept and compromised , including the south african government .
the guy is an imbecile .
please and kindly fuck off .
catgut needs to stop eating cat guts , that demented perert !
his alternative facts are firmly planted in his profoundly diseased brain .
at best , the republicans are being just as hypocritical .
but yes , openminded leftists , tell us about those horrible christians .
you lying sack of bs .
when they dont like the message and cant refute it , they shoot the messenger .
where in the philippines are there too many brown people for you , bigot ?
anybody still wonders why the middle east is so screwed up .
ar : before making a bigger fool of yourself go check the reference i cited .
it 's just nice to stay home with this fucking flu .
rt haha said its a fuck recession
i am hot shit , yoo .
what is it ? you little ass
you have got to get on that shit
rachel change that and finn , thats why i love that fuckin crazy girl ! , she 's awesome hahha
meh , watchin some crazy ass chiz on cartoon network
"really ? ! is it really ? "" will you be my superman ? fuck"
bull shit , he 's not around
* laughs * did you just call me a fucking liar ?
lol i know its 8 in the morning followers but fuck dat shxt go follow my cousin realshit
ima be on my ass drunk .
dont matter we both do the same shit to eachother ahah
slow lane move my truck like a five , if i get pulled over bitch im gon do time
see today is nohair cindy day n berniece no walking ass
wht was i lookn at before ? ? oh yea bitches
everytime i see big sean i think of tht nigga lol .
""" olivia strong needs to calm the fuck down "" hahaha xxx"
why am i even in culinary school , who fucking knows
bahaha yeah if i did that to my mom she would look at me like what the fuck ? !
shit chillen fresh out the shower
i love you so fucking much baby
lol joke , im crap < 68
that was fucking amazing im not even being sarcastic you are a genius omg omg oh em gee
and some times she made some stupid mistakes in her lessons
dont matter there gonna spread shit anyway
what shit is going down here ? will a member of my beautiful family please fill me in ?
fuck yeah for new songs sooo stoked atm in the studio xd
oh shit ! ! ! theres thunder now o _ o s
is drinking this nasty ass redbull and vodka that gave me
just sits there like an ass .
that tweet wasnt even for you ass whipe lol
she better not do no shit like that ' i would flip out lol i coulda got a warning
nahh ima true bike rider shit i ride og beach cruisers not fixies ! i cruise not ride ! ahah
awwww , thanks baba ! thank fuck it 's over '
i was going to tell the story to the baker when the fucken tray i was carrying slipped
why the fuck do people continue to do that ? ! smh
holy shit that is gonna kick all asses ! ! ! !
sad fuck , why the caps ? l
is my ass big or my waist is too small ?
icantdateyou if ur hairy af - _ - fucks noo ! lol
the weather can be such a bitch
you know your roomie ? ? rt got my housing shit today
if christian beadles can be verified why can 't i ? we do the same shit on you tube
oooo shit now ita about 20 get hectic again
old blokes need to know when to fuck off , yeah ? some of us have boyfriends
i wish for you to shut the fuck up > o annoyying assss bitch
we drinkin the same juice my nig ? !
well we going to have to fuck wit it and i smoke all that to
i 'm suprised , you watch that shit everyday .
fuck it im moving to california .
the amount of shit you girls are getting is really uncalled for - take no notice x
how the fuck is he a music producer as well ? ! ! let 's not go there .
lol you ass gone hurt if i doo !
sumbody hacked my damn twitter
rt i love jazz music | that shit smooth
what the fuck is going on ? ? !
getting shit calls from the refs again
brother he just got fucking problemss ughhh , he better get hip
lls hahahhaaaa i know right , i 'm laughing like shitt
me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that shit going to be popping ya hear me
tha fuck im talkin bout .
fuck yea dude i think it be awesome to get a bunch of us there
i got shit to do * sable *
this shit been hard af
should of came over for a cuppa joe ! ass ! rt just passed and on the freeway
what the fuck & btw , i didnt
if we talking about the same shit , i feel you
oh my fucking gaaaawsshhh your last tweet to me it was soooo lol ! p
fuck that i 'm still drunk
yeahh but i never have time to download shit , just sometimes .
yaaay although you don 't be fucking wit me
i dnt do the twitter fb arguin shit
lmao , yeah thats right shit .
i like to watch people chase the bus down , that shit is so funny .
shit was just on a wild goose chase wif zena smh
lol ! i 'm thinking about deleting that shit right now
jay - z 's new website is so fucking sweet !
i don 't give a fuck
if i was spammed i 'd call a bitch out too
im putting you to work tonight bitch ! d
and i 'm not licking their asses , im a fan , supporting justin
go get a visa prepaid she can use that shit anywhere
* man , that huge fucking owl can really fucking glare down its beak
my background image wont show for me ! its being a bitch todayyy x
are you actually fucking kidding me ? noooooo ! d
alriqht asshole , go get dem shitty ass tweets up .
i gotta go back tomorrow and shit
then we ain 't got any problems cause you sure as fuck ain 't a gentleman
so they closed them up ? ignorant ass mf 's don 't deserve a spot to kick it at .
im not fake i just don 't fuck with you foolies
don 't get fucked up and drive because i know you can 't see as it is .
her hair is always in her way and she 's just a stupid bitch .
he wants to be a dick , i 'll have to turn dick right bac
lmao im taking my ass to bed .
"the side - bitch confronting the "" wifey "" ? side bitches don 't have rights ."
i couldn 't get n tht fuckin library
o good , cause he 's a great doctor , just shit story lines last year
you coming after my man ? bitch
oh fuck i think i 've been looking at the wrong place then
we 've just got back , and now you 've gone and fuckin upset her !
i just broke a nail and it hurts like fuck !
aww shit ! imy too twin !
2moro , i will offiically be telling at & t to kiss my ass ! switching to verizon
you met brendon fucking urie ? ! * - * dat ass , hum , sorry
thanks the amazing show last night ! it was fucking best concert been to in along time
what 's up with that shit !
haha , crazy ass and thanks for the info on farting
i - it 's not fucking flattery
chocolate tomorrow ! boom fucking booooom ! !
can you follow them for me cos they keep pestering the shit out me for more followers
fuck knows pal , just average players everywhere ! !
why dudes always asking for pictures all da damn time
what about billy gunn ! that ass ! p
good looks homie rt happy bday bro enjoy dat shit ! ! ! !
shit when bands are unsigned , it so hard for um to come to the uk
fuck u punk ! ! ! i got something to tell u too btw .
yeah me too i was debating about goin gout but fuck it imma stay in the house lol
love him to pieces , but shit
damn almost at 82 tweets fuckin with this girl
keeps you from talking shit , if payback even matters to you .
shit at home layin down coolin what u doin
* rolls eye and walks back to sam * bitch .
lol fuck im ever doing that formsprings , perfect exampleas why not to do it
has anyone ever played minesweeper and actually won ? ? ? piece of shit lol
this is my fucking off period
you out your rabbit ass mind .
its about time with yo blue ass bahahaha
dont call josh 's lifestyle fuckery
omg i was just about to say that shit !
shut yo ass up ! lol
grammy char is going down at the reunion bitches ! pow !
bitch you better let me see you
where the fuck is my movah
fuck , i just looked up pictures of scarification
yea i kno but dudes game always make me smile and i can see right thru tht shit
whyy bf put his partyy on fb , noow imaa haavee to whoop some ass tmrw
he doesn 't fuck with me
be last time you ever talk to a bitch on the internet ! lol
everybody knew that shit but me -
"rt "" winnie sweet as shit"
fuck me and fuck windows movie maker .
i aint lazy i might as well do it at home shince i aint gone have shit else to do
i want to but fuckin tyler wasn 't thinking -
am i arsed ? am i fuck .
fuck you , i can do just - fucking - fine
hahahahah omg you 're retarded in a good way xd
what the fuck am i saying
i brought u a bagel from panaera and ur bum ass didn 't even show - _ -
time for some tennessee bbq after one crazy ass day ! ! ! !
ikrrrr how she gon talk all that shit and when the opportunity comes she dont fight back
hahahahaha i love you too my little whale bitch < 10 hahaha
funny though cuz the 78 st thing i said was dont fuck this guy up
f bitches get money ? ! i might see you at work
are you nuts ? well , my girl doesn 't like it , and i respect that
i dont eat that shit anyways
that shit iz too livee
since when the fuck you have a twitter
i love you too , hope that i 'm not being an ass .
lol so thats how you be speaking to me now eh rt trillaaa shut the fuck up
i 'm ready ! bring it , bitch !
dude you are fucked up
they got nose jobs & shit just for the show
fuck this , i 'm embracing the power of madonna !
shit fam i hope so i 'm about to hit the kitchen for some water or somethin
lol i 'm just fuckin with ya !
lmao ! ! ! ' hahaha , yeah but its shit here l < 4
the musty girl is at school eating funyons , you just don 't give a fuck huh ? smh
restaurants and bars treat staff like shit man
just was in a car accident - great start to the fucking day
that shit gives me panic attacks lol oh an mtv depresses me idk why ?
y the fk they sent people living in the west to work east .
ohh lol yeah im down , its friday bruhh and im just punching the shit out of bob lol
shut the fuck up everyone its not the end of the world
arghhh dont get me started man lol fucking gorgeous she is
that dp fresh as shit tho
well we 've been playing shit this whole season , guess it 's a good thing
he doesnt even fuckin know how to spell cannibal xd
we gone give a party and we gone make it rain in that bitch son real talk
lazy shit i woke up at 30 haha xxxxxxx
this is the most ridiculous shit i 've heard in years
it was hard to get along and to like you ! fuck !
how you gon ' be drunk ? ole simple bitch .
i should have dropped her off cause i got shit to do
its softer than fresh baby shit
lol true shit but they shoulda brought sprint or teamed with verizon
yeah miss me with that shit ! you can even tell me how
shit i would watch it when i get home but damnit i gotta b back up there at 83
shit ! paano ako bababa , bro ? need daw dun sa right side ng stage , lol !
yo bitch , no chips for me today ! i 'm in nandos lmfao .
omg for reall ? ? * - * you 're so fucking sweet !
just do it , she cant do shit then l & & hey back .
im mad my dog is laying right next me to crying n shit
tell her to be ready at one i 'll go scoop her ass up .
she used to wack us with it when we were little shits lmao
what defeated the point ? fuck
aint shit , i know all the ladies get the invites to ish that 's poppin
your making shit up now so you can just say boom
damn idontknow what to order i 'm fucking high as fuck munchies ?
how the fuck you gonna tell whoever that is happy birthday before me ? ! ? ! ugh lol .
u not ready yo ass ho b hungry n sleep tryn to smoke
wow really ? he said tht to junsu ? fuck how can jyj still hate , damn ! ! !
where the fuck are u ? ? ? ?
haha bitch jus pardon my back
thinking about yesterday nite that shit was funny af
that shit hurt my wrist !
i honestly don 't give a fuck if i get married to a guy that can fix things
also i fuckin came from livas just too go .
< = she cute as shit , guys
lol nah my phone be freezing pissing me off & shit .
"i know right but fuck an age im gonna work in a traphouse "" then your gona get arrested"
i hate guys with a bitch mouth sit the fuck down nigga
* ears perk up * what i miss what i miss ? imma nosy ass .
o shit it is all wonky too
what the fuck is your new number
when did i say that to cherdon ! ? i never fucking said that .
oh shit , i almost sent the text i meant to send to karen to twitter
why would he need to if he 's holding that big ass gun in his lap ?
nigga i anit get bitched i just didn 't wanna hear all dat bullshit wit me in ur lil situation
on now ! funny funny funny funny shit is what it would be
lol mane that shit aint funny
lol when puberty hits he 's fucked
shit really about to start on some homework wbu ?
butt ass naked jus cuz its hot
where the fuck is my video ! ?
i wasn 't though you 're always putting yourself in someone elses shit and it 's fucking annoying
thank youu ! lol i knew i was going to get there fuck twitterjail ! !
fellas leave black women alone for one girls mistake
radiation tomorrow - time to start phase 21 of operation kick leukemia 's ass .
and nice hair , noremy then i 'm taking that ass to dinner .
a - fucking - men , she 's so perfect looking .
i need to get away from this fuckin madness
love to see that fucked up look on ur face
i don 't know ! ! ! but it happened and it fucking rocked ! !
niggas and bitches smile in your face quick .
she 's into all this anime shit + julian casablancas
that 's one of the reasons i don 't like garbage rap that talks about shooting and fucking bitches
word ! its the niggas you fuck with !
once again my mom has fucked up my day , then she wonders why i don 't offer to babysit
but this bitch hurt you !
you asked for it and why the fuck did u change your bio bitch
hahahah sorry that was just for that stupid bitch
ughh bring me a plate with food to my door step b4 i whoop ur ass ! mr shit talker
dont tell me to follow back bitch isaid iwould .
yea i 'm still in the wack ass field .
you know about santana - ai lool hes a fucking don
just had to get stubborn me off her lazy ass .
no man i 'm talking this shit right here this feathered hair
this phone a piece of shit i need a t - mobile phone !
i think the whole paparazzi business is fucked up ! they need to know when to stop !
chuckles let 's get ya some fuckin food then
haven 't seen you fucks yet ! ! ! !
basically , the jury and the voting process are biased and totally fucked .
let me promo it on my radio station , cunt
day five of not working because of the 14 network being all fucked
but i 'm a type of guy who doesn 't like hiding shit
hey , who the fuck erased my latest tweet ? ?
also , made my computer hot like a bitch .
i feel like shit ! i honestly feel like crying & it takes a lot to make me cry
think i live with her ass tf im always asking her grandparents for something !
people need to fucking think before saying shit .
i 've eaten so much meat i 'll be shitting like a hippo for weeks .
"wtf who started that "" sagg "" shit _ -"
because i fucking miss you and because i fucking said so
fuck it , 3 ds fund axed in favour of upping tv budget
rt thank you to for that bomb ass food ! ! it was really good
shit let me in mysch then bro
* shudders * probably be like the fucking ring
it 's fuck , slow class lol
shit instantly gets me hyped and inspired
she don 't need that shit !
what type of shit is this , i 'm in a taxi haha
bitches on my dick cuz i look like justin bieber
girl , get yo ' ass on and talk to me ! p
i couldn 't see it on my tv , they were tellin local shit
where the fuck are my strawberry pop - tarts
why the fuck are you in my life ? ! -
my drink is comign fucking great
wewontlast if your clingy as helll & always up my ass , gimme some god damn space !
i just don 't ever want to hear one fucking thing about it
fuck it i can 't think of movie titles fml lol
i just can 't explain this shit at all .
gotta get my life and shit together this shit aint no joke .
that 's a fucking lie i swear smh w
hey just wanted to say you bad ass mofo in the ufc win or lose lol
clare and eli need to get back you can 't just bust your ass into the picture no .
this shit a pj party - _ _ _ _ - thanks for the heads up
ha ' no i 'm not ! and fuck no
hell yea remember me on my bday lol that shit was funny ass hell
rt this janitor think she the shit
what you doing today stupid bitch
yaaaa bitch ! ! in my wiz voice and fuck you pay me face
hah wooooord you bout to come over here and have these nigga trippin
y 'all boys got that shit .
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this shit
blackpeoplehobbies makin sweet ass red kool - aid !
bitch that was last year !
i 'm so fucking happy there is no school tomorrow .
that was 41 - 41 type shit
ya tall ass could hide behind a tree is you wanted to
there was no need for you to be a dick like you were .
why are you laughing , you sick fuck
nigga u better follow me back or im a smack the shit out ya lil ass real rap
lmao i 'm fuckin wit you homie lol aye do you ya know
but some shit happened last night kinda hurt but god will heal me < 57
exactly , but whats wrong with yo ass
fuck now my phone has a virus
sometimes , it 's a bitch to be a woman in this world .
o shit ya u goin up to foxwoods with franky huh
his bitch ass wuld never do dhat .
hehe that 's what ya get for going to france ya wee bitch
its a shame tuition to damn high and financial aid aint about shit smh
fuck , was locked out of my computer and lost the paragraph i wrote this morning
you must b out the shower but fuck it , baloons on me ?
* gasps seeing your eyes * who the fuck are you ! ?
i kno dats a blower like shit lls
who else thinks that ? fuckin
lol your welcome d when i get behind that wheel i just turn into a bad ass
you pussy ' ol ! how can we do anything with your nonsense memory
* gulp gulp gulp * i 'm drinking lik a mutha 'fuckin fish ! !
that is and like i said fuck it !
what the fuck is wrong with my phone !
oh shit , i might try a rinse first .
what the hell happened to yung berg , dat niggah dissappeared lol
wot the fuck u mean u can 't go out !
unfortunately this bitch doesn 't like soda during track season
so why don 't you stop tweeting at me , and settle the fuck down .
its shit odds as well .
man he over here but i 'll grab a 55 and come fuck wit u
nah i 'ma pro dunn worry i can 't fuck up .
imma need you to fuckin ' follow me
i agree with you , one of them already got her ass whopped lmao
the other day the wind broke my wind resistant umbrella ! piece of shit !
ahh shit dm me ? dnt let things get to u tho okkk just stay calm
big ass cuppa tea and a coffee .
thinks im a bitch ' all i said was that i wanted her to go away
n so u shuld , i reali wana get ur take on da whole rebecca black shit
shit , go to new china right across the street from scores .
like y 'all was the only ppl i fucked with and then y 'all was gone smh
4 fake tan bottles and they all decide to run out on me at once ! fuck
i 'm excited about harry potter and i don 't give a shit who knows !
no kashi bars but the venue 's serving red vines , popcorn , alcohol & shit
where you been at bitch ?
you aint gon do shit ! and you know how it goes when you home
portal 18 was fucking excellent
lol but shit who want it my nigga
psa get yo ass off twitter
there i 'm following you retard !
i was damn grossed out then i started laughing after a while
your point ? & suck my dick -
damn might resort wristcutting ! pow
nodoubt stay on dat shit cannon ima come holla at u wen i get back to the city
yes we did talk shit about her
mhmmmm ! ! fucking love that man ! < 98 x
lol stop doubtin it n jus make sure she on her shit !
if his pussy little car can handle it .
i really dont like that chicha boy ! ! fuck
i seen that , either he 's talking shit or farmo has filled me full of false hope ?
yup then i 'll unfollow you , just to be a bitch
but i 'm gonna wait until dick wakes up and ask him to take me home
ohhh shit , bitch i see you got you a freak mama on twitter
haha i know right i 'm nice ass fuck > , <
so what your telling me is regardless of the fact that you know the logical reaction your saying fuck it
i fucking love drunk people omg ! lol
i know tiffany isn 't talking shit with her nasty ass
man fuck ! celtics did a sry ass trade
when is orange juice not kosher for passover ? is there shit in there i dont know about ?
you aint even following me back you bitch .
lol fuckin hilarious torres ! ! ! ! that 's probably exactly what it stands for
you best not mind bitch
not 96 much of shit
"you said "" 10 fucking hours ago"
one thing she speaks the truth about whorelena hoemez & she 's fuckin ' awesome
ima get a parrot that talks shit
yea nigga they fixed steves u want the same shit on it but fixed ?
oh fuck you 're a killer musician too |
ayyy thats why i fuck with you lol
damn aha , fuck ah probably wouldda did the same thing .
i 'm only on twitter to repl to your dumb ass
we 're fuckin vampires gerard ! ! >
this is actual true shit .
lol yeah but in ot right now relie i will fuck with you when i touch sd soil
the one with all that shit on her trunk hahahaha now its your turn
i would love a dogg ass meal cook by my girl but since i dont have one of those
fuck a lil sister i dont have those
of course i freak out when he 's talking about shit like this -
boy if you don 't hush with that shit
you 're not wrong , you 're just humourless cunts .
lol i aint do shit haha
lol damn that 's messed up
i 'm just a jealous bitch .
don 't fuckin melt today man
get yall asses up off that damn floor
well she was a bitch
shit im getting my day started like at 11 , imma text you imma be in hunters glen
heheh yes ! & what the fuck does undergarment mean ? x3
i sound like a fucking weather lady
that would be a tight ass show , we would be shitting on mob wives haha
yay i can finally retweeet your ass lol
& & he tweeting other females like heyy bae , or or < 71 just anyof that shit .
where the fuck you at ?
somebody please tell him who the fuck i is ! !
but my internet is shit -
it was sooo good , emily 's a bitch .
huh what the fuck dude ?
twitter is going to be shit 46 moro
fuckin idiots now they about to fight lol
lol rt when bored all the dumb shit comes to your head
we can work on it together i have a drinking problem anybody who knows me kiss ass mind yours
shit my balls just droped ah he threw me against the wall
im not showin my ass just yet ,
bound to happen when you run away from the best thing that ever fucking happened to you .
what about that one nigga beez u used to fuck wit ? he was cool
if you say shit , you better do it
he never needs the room , shit he doesn 't say shit
i would never fuck pubes
she 's okay , but i like her better in the second one when she kicks major ass .
omg girl , t mills is sooo fucking cute
u better follow me back for i swag ya ass and not in a good way
i do it the boring cunt way
ok lyke 66 real yall go sneak off ! ! haha go head on bitches
i gotta have her i fell n shit
this bitch has legit , some huge swag
sorry rt everytime this girls texts me she hits me wit a boring ass convo like fuck .
just one day you two don 't go at it lol rt - _ - that was sarcasm ass face
and talks shit and attention seeks .
lol but sanaa has a bad ass body ! !
lmao was good myy nigga < < < shit , how 's life ? ?
anyone else think this makes him sound like a cunt ? rev run wannabe ! coys
lol did you find her yet ? dumb dumbs
boy shit realer den a mufucka
snuffles is 26 ft tall he will beat yo ass
i 'm copying and pasting the shit out of this essay
just give me the wig bitch
yeah , i fucking love it p
ooo something just kicked off my fuck people mood haha x
his fucking mouth isn 't dry they send us away
i 'd much rather prefer some fine egyptian cotton wrapped around my plastic ass .
shit sitting here out of it watching this game just glad i aint sick no more
shit it 's my rdo , no gym ! ! lol
a girl like me aint never unloyal so idk what shit you talking bout lmao
what did she say ? other than ' fuck ' - what was the sentence ? lol
don 't take shit so personally dudes !
people bitch about how much it costs
i want to fuck her up ! !
and my insurance sucks so it is a bitch to go to another one .
but not for us cunts unfortunately ! < u worrying about hair loss as well ? or impotency ?
i 've done fuck all today , i 'm just not into it
buh thats shit is creepy .
how was da ass eatin contest ?
you gon ' make me fuck you up
bitch he 19 fuckin feet
shit me to what you gonna be drinking on
she 's fucking awesome and extremely nice !
i kno right i don 't kno what the fuck i was doing though
the stupid guessing games ! who gives a shit where the little shit is .
really you guys need to get this shit together !
that 's wats up lol i bet she was mad as shit !
cus they end up chyllin with the ppl they talked shit about before .
rt my bitch got fans give em an autograph smh i love it tho
fuck ? ? what did i do for you to wanna smack me
gotta go do hw and shit -
nigga let me tell you lmao head ass
lol you like to point out today that you 're a bitch , don 't you ? xd
because you turn 76 , little pisshead
im i have no one to cake with and this nigga settin up days nshit lol
aww shit fasho i 'm gone be there hit me up
lol yeah that shit was so weird and random
sometimes auctions seriously try to fuck u in the ass !
ha i 'm just bored enough , i might do that shit lol
shit i got trapped behind the paywall already late for work - help
do what ? please say you arn 't doing shit to yourself
rt too much ! i just be holding shit in
shit is innovative and next level
atl was da only movie and shit dat nigga music career dead so iono wat da hell u talkin bout
whos takin me to see scream 86 ? ? yes im a bitch when it comes to scary movies
she b makin up words n shit tho
fucking hell have you told you 're mum ? xxxxx
bahahaah he nto dat shit like he got money on da game
"expect too leave the session and announce "" you fucking suck at pilates "" ."
it was directed towards callin me a bitch
meet me n da streets its goin down last ones standing baddest bitch wins da crown
ya ! u don 't actually realise how fucked we are for the lc
aha , let 's see where this shit leads me too .
ain 't do that shit inna min , feeling like i 'm back .
if was me she would know how many fucking seeds are in jamaican kush
that is gonna be one sexy ass concert ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
get out of the fucking game ! ! ! he sucks !
bitch im not dumb i know who & what you talking thats tha difference
that would be cool and you have to go to paris ! i miss this fucking city lol
get the fuck out of london and see the real england
any guy who wears a bowtie is automatically on my shit list lol .
wtf ? ! oh shit that 's a
ohhhh no , look no 41 has a hard ass reputation around the neighboured like my sim p
he called the guy helping him an effin retard ! wtf , it was so uncalled for !
omg you met her ? ! fuck ! i 'm jealous
that 's when you know someone loves your ass !
u know you owe me a fuck right ?
wtf ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i jus clicked tht nasty shit
dora i liked that part too me bitch i wasnt done !
hats off to you for your efforts for japan ! kick ass !
ain 't that ol girl wit that chicken noodle soup shit
it was in 17 o he needs to get his ass back to making music
i understand & i didn 't even know shit was even going on but whatever now idec .
put some ranch i 'm getting the munchies i think i 'll have a rap bitch for my entree
lol i just been workin my ass off tired ass fuck
jim gotta down bitch , she ain 't no hater !
yup im gona fkin miss u n callin u sugar batty n shit
ayo go the fuck in ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yo for real where this nigga at
lolz ! this is rustie it 's old but it 's fucking ace
there was so much shit going on with that movie , man
i heard this one interview in march and he was a total ass whole
wtf ? that sounds like a weird ass party
yea we are taking features off new androids like facetime and shit
one of my potnas is a big ass sap
fuck me like you mean it .
the rumours are pretty shit , but the line up is out at 45
i missed the shit outta you ! !
i 'm so fucked this is bad
fuck up i wouldn 't kno that .
because their original intention wasn 't to fuck over bots , but make camping the nms less tedious
ya damn right you have to ! ! ! ! teambreezy !
i 'm having a cookout this year i want ur ass to come
* comes with you * oh fuck yeah
yall niggahs so funny actin now days
but i was still pushing that shit ! ! ! lol imma get me a big ass truck
shit , what the hell is this thing ?
i am going to have a serious talk with that ass .
lol well those bitches are not all there .
lmao ! ! lol that would be some funny shit
shinee ? what ? no o _ o omfg fuck is it official ?
taking it easy fuck that ! ! winning
well i might be going to this fucking wizard movie alone
douglass man that shit was crazy now he a whole principal somewhere
taking a ball to the face at football really fucking hurts , feels like my jaw is out of place
i want to watch that video lmfaooooooooo what was i saying cause i took that shit over lol
where you going ? and bored to fuck l
rt 5 thingsaboutme < - - - - - ill unfollow you ! take that shit to fb
that was stupid ass nyhir ! he had her all day i was at work
better to go $ pend money on a woman that u gonna actually have sex with than strip joint
yea gotta join my fellow pretties on the city so i hope ur bringing ur ass out too lol
lmfao i forgot u had that shit lol
i just find it fucking hilarious because i never got the chance to be one xd
your jealous cos i loves him and not you d go suck sum anus trist
haha oh shit you trippin haha
fuck themthey 're bitching at me about trs
look don 't fuck with me right now .
elle also kicks my ass at wwf .
and it 's easter so fuck no
i give up fuck you < 64
shit things going good just grindin
photoset yes yes , even in boots i m short as shit
lol sorry < 92 lol fuuuuuuu my alarms was on silent lol fuck
i want to try sumn new where idk nobody clear my mind off some shit ya kno
get the fuck off my facebook ? haha gtfomf
yo boy is a fucking lie mannnnn lol
cause he 's near shitting his pants ! rt why is right size smoothie guy always yelling ? !
this one bitch always seems to play on my phone around 2 am
is my best fucking friend
fuck me you like to tweet ! i 'm still getting a hang of it .
ye yu real late my nigga
man , people can be bitches sometimes
my fuckin back hurtin like a bitch ! - - your shell getting to heavy ? lmao
fuck ! i dm u the wrong stuff ! nvm don 't delete just add that behind
"my "" fuck you ! "" finger is hurting me"
lmao rt well darius , i 'll pay you in fucking chuck - e - cheese cards .
fuck ! * her clit pulsates beneath her fingers *
rt no wonder they threw an orange at your ass at dv , bobby brackins
okay , can we erase jessie j and have fergie release some new shit , thanks .
only the negative garbage rap
"i get on and u still talkin shit to ppl lol "" - - i kno man lol mybad"
shit is perfect when u coding with 26 eye open lol
rt i just dropped the phone on a patient - _ - fuck
"it 'd be , "" better than your shit "" store"
tbh i thought true blood would be shit but i 'm addicted now
ronaldinho will appeal to most because of all the joga shit .
haha you just dont give a shit do you ! and yupp i am d youu ? d xx
i don 't fuck with that show the game at all
can i stick my dick in it ? ?
& it was a bitch ! hoe im not yo man dont ring my cellular that early !
you and jared can fuck off
enjoying this gloomy ass day ? lol
fuck if i know i just threw some letters up & it stuck
everything else , nothing but ass .
lol na i discovered dat wen my home girls were playin gogo knew some shit had to have happen lol
niggas shot at me an my lil bruh its over
that will never fucking happen , my man \ m
ain 't this bitch in school right now i already dumb as shit the least u could do is graduate
gonna end up telling her to fuck off soon !
ahahaha yea she is no rainbow shit lol >
lol i 'm jus fuckin wit u
kuss that nigga lyingg , i was high as hell bhut i ain 't do all 'lhat lol
its finna go down in dis bitch ! yaheardme
shit chillin whats up with you bro how practice and school goin
i c ya out here wit ya hubby n shit u had a nice b day
oh shit baby - falls down , hugging you , laughs -
like that fucking sugar ray song
what are you doing ? run ? ? ? twins bein a fake fuck & not answering ! ! !
passed the fuck out now i 'm back
yeaah , same shit , new day really , bored
and this ? lol rt shame on the no class , ho ass .
but hey , it 's the best way to lose some weight from my fatty ass btw xd
cheesinnnn lol how school and shit ?
omfg downtown stlouis was actually poppin last night ! i was so gone tho , everclear kicked my ass !
superfail shefollowsme rt i bet nicki minaj doesn 't even know who the fuckin fuck you are
shit never works out so i 'm stayin single forever
that awkward moment when a two faced bitch says she hates two faced bitches
yeh you really would your a nice female who fucked over you ?
mines around the 43 th , shit dude
< yeah but she 's making me feel like shit
haha lol you and your fucking rectum again ! !
"it 's all like "" holy shit must do this now ! "" * write random crap down *"
thats what the world is coming to , online shit talkers .
fuck the palace of wonders too
we should go to the mall and do ignorant hoodrat shit yo ?
yeuh im back in this secluded ass world of sub tweets and unfollows lol
basically rt thuglife rt fuck ! ! ! i have court today for riding dirty .
if i get that shit stuck in there i 'm going to find you , mate .
well said megan why are you being such a bitch to everyone ?
lil ass tried to attack me last night lol
i dont care what u have to say and is not my little bitch -
this bitch got ma jump drive & & she not answerin ma txt ! ima choke her ass
youuuu rt who ya grillin ya pic tho ? i ain 't takin that shit .
i wear heels bigger than your dick
so did i ! , and the close reading shit l , whoops
either do sumat or fuckoff
like wtf ? mind ya damn business !
how about i fuck your shit up honoka _ bot ?
why aint you tweet a nigga lol
look in the mirror before you start saying stuff about your some butters ass guy !
i want to know why the fuck j2 weren 't talking plothole
why she 's a bitch xx
at home , why ? media is shit and i 'm knackered
naa he gonna fuck wit jahlil 2 .
fuck that i was going to
like that i 've seen people do crazy shit for that fucker , its just not healthy
shut yo skank ass up & get them cum stains off yo lips
i just told someone to fuck off on jezebel
yeh right dnt give none of that b shit lol
i 'm back in the a , can a nigga get a table dance ?
you kinky bitch ! hahaha but do you rmr my number 88 rule ?
canadian taco bells are meanie asses !
i been telling dat shit all week rt damn i need a chop
apparently neither do universal motown records cause they aint promoting the shit .
simple as shit for that i hate you jody tweet , lmfaoo
lmfaoo they looked like those whiteboys in the x games doing flips n shit on espn
i 'm going to mute your ass - _ * u makin my eye twitch now be supportive
i love louisiana accents ! the shit is sexy to me
"lmfaoo now she texted me saying "" i want your ginger pussy and my choclate pussy together"
stop dick 'n you aint even n it lls sykeee
rt i feel like shooting some shit
she went in da weave store on sum baller type shit
i didn 't get the chance , yo ass was on the move .
damn and i gotta walk in this shit
nigga stop with this follow back shit ! !
that fye ass defense i played tonight >
what time u finishing your shit ?
the whole last 57 mins is pretty fucked up ! !
funny fucking shit right ? ! straight truth right there d
* late ass reply * lmfaoo he shoulda known that was gonna happen
fuckin ' eh ! whoresnops for life ! thanks for the warning !
damn whats up wit yall niggas dont yall know what the word save means lol
omg fuck yes ! haha dad gets home tomorrow morning so im sure he won 't mind us drinking d
complaining , and talkin bout this bitch
you 're tryna bash my cousin which is stupid
cuz u cant back ur wack ass up , smh at you boy
bitxches on my dick that used to brush me off in high school
yeah ? that sucks , mine is like watery and itchy and shit
w stinky cow shit breath
that movie is really fucked up .
got my shit str8 out vietnam
you kicked our ass but we got further in the playoffs than you bitch haha
what u been u 46 wen u gonna be able 46 do shit again ? lbs
ehh fuck it you can do it i know you can ! thugg _ life
dude seriously why do you even bother fucking with me ?
why won 't we ? ima comt to russia just to kick your ass ! haha
i laughed at her ehehehahhahagksnsnskksna hate dat taylor bitch
bitch i did call in yo phone is stupid
at least you never walked in on them like idid legs open and shit i 'm scarred for life o
are you deaf ? it 's like a kesha fan going after mary j blige
tf you getting mad at me for nigga ! ! i was just saying
i am done and all rotten apples need to know whats is waiting for them wen fucking with me .
trying to make up things to be fucking thankful for ! lmao !
"you got your hair cut ? ? ? rebel i 'd be shitting itoh show us a pic """
i like this guy , but he 's kind of a ummm jack ass !
kick his ass - seriously ! ! how dare he treat u like that
then find myself gettin jumped fuck i look like lmfao
he say he beat yo ass all the time
it 's more a melancholy , i don 't give a shit , mixed with a bit of a
the sun is a bitch with ugly legs
make the labels want u forever and tell em kiss your ass .
haha u know i b talkin shit some of the time lol
tell gamers to calm their shit and to stop trusting rumors orz ppl ide
them shits expensive , but they pretty as hell .
lol its not about male or female its about people , everybody lies about dumb shit sadbuttrue
spine tattooo ? seriously ? fuck outta heree
well u just created a shit storm ! ! lolol
i need to get my sweaty ass in the shower
asshole ! the fuck you 've been qone to lonq
you don 't wanna be stuck with annoying ass people haha
what if ones a complete and utter bitch ? l you aint gunna love her then d xx
y u keep posting this shit on here
i get love but amber has made him fucking mushy and shit
han solo is a bitch ! no one calls han solo a bitch ! ! !
oh shit hold on lemme erase that for you thenn
i rather watch paint on a fuckin wall dry
holy shit ! trent reznor just won an oscar .
shit ill see wat i can do
it 's almost as annoying as this fucking slow broadband i 'm suffering through .
well shit give me 50 and i 'll be on the floor lol
then come talk to me about been a dick .
you want to pimp - slap them when you listen to the shit they say
read that , its shit , but if youre bored then i dont think youl care
get it now ? check out the fucking blog already
mah letter was a load of random shit x
im trying but shit ain 't easy out here .
veda is a stone cold bitch in this movie
can i just say , how fucking good are heritage round jerseys
shit , there was a meeting ? i must have missed the email .
is yo ' ass too cheap to drive
some of your tweets are random as fuck .
lol fuck that ! i 'm the one bitin !
i miss her dumb ass .
shit i wish i was going to belfast
think of all the fun shit we 've done in a year ! amazing .
dude my mom was lecturing me on college and shit tonight .
i 've got to kick it 's ass and get back to having some fun .
i 'm on chapter 7 of the first part cuz it was being an ass last night and yay d
doesn 't have shit to do with you .
fuckin crazy i love it cuz u can get all the og pokemon as well
my dad just came in and told me to turn my fucking music down cause hes going bed
it 's not my fault they 've got a shit job !
this job is starting to fuck with my ability to not hate everyone
wtf you just said you would
walking threw this wack ass park like we cant be touched
why the fuck is this song stuck in my head ? ! ? !
u funny as shit frm fb to this tom
how dare you diss the porsche ! i kick mad ass in them
sierra ain 't shit ? bitch i beg your pardon .
oh shit bang bang u tweeting now lol
some shit i dont have to deal with lmao
i hope she 's fucking happy .
i could have told u this shit lol
cuz u be getting mad at me over some dumb shit
if he doesn 't give a shit , then why should you ?
damn if i could i would fucking retweet this for like 20 times xddd <8
bitch tried to follow the wrong person .
i might , i can 't rush shit
wait , today is monday ? ! shit it feels like sunday .
i 'm thinkin should i start my day now or go back to fuckin sleep
im nervous ass fuck tho .
it was a quick ass wave lol
there is a fucking formula ! ! !
mom 's making it worse by being a bitch to him
this is so funcking annoying ! i 'm about to be a bitch like a big bitch
shit putting this music on my phone
that 's how we roll , alt as fuck
i just hit a jay , and forget about that shit .
calc 48 is a pain in the ass though
ooh shit i remember this song , it was a hit .
that shit is on the inside of the screen
see i was tryna form a truse but yu wanna stay with diddy 's wack ass ! smh lmao
i heard that shit work i just do my hands in different position
oh please get your ass online !
come on bring ya horny ass lol
the bitch has sold them for a pair of shoes - - over and over and over again .
you could ask her the same shit if she 's up this late too !
exactly , i mean providence isn 't shit , but isn 't exactly the backwoods lol
man tell her ass good fucking night ! ! ! lls
yes , i do , but i 'm not off fucking some other girl , either .
fuckin yoda just tweeted me !
its not as if i 'm fucking going every day ? i went once
yeap because im a twat and leave things until the last minute haha .
zack had tht dead rat and terrance saw it and scream aww shit !
i know l she 's been like that since the summer p but oh well fuck it
what the fuck just added me on facebook ?
i accidently stepped on my dog & she bit my toes ' , stupid bitch lmao
we 'll all just be jealous when you post pics of you guys at disneyland or some shit .
i just laugh at the shit now no need to stress
"naw bitch , it 's spelled "" u """
* sobs * i told you i fucked up its all my fault ! ! ! theyre never coming back
yea , it was a fun ass night , i think i met you an you were drunk already
how the fuck will i wake up at 14 am ?
im promoting you too deputy bitch .
i suck at it though
anything with your sweet ass last name !
im trying to keep my mentions clean keep your dirty ass out my mentions
shit i don 't even know
bout to go ride either in landover or seat pleasant today , chill out with the guys n shit .
i mean , you work your ass off , harder than any of our sorry asses .
that nigga aint played the whole season , he 's not gonna have the impact nate robinson did
wanna make a bet ? rt not fucking with mines though rt i 'm a professional lol
i woulda loved rebecca black if she sang a song that did something besides state the fucking obvious
can i not go one day without fucking up ? * sighs *
i dont say shit to them .
it means i ain 't seen yo ass in 83 eva lol
shit i just did my housing yesterday
falcons made it , but then proceeded to get their asses handed to them
walking round tesco like you 've shit yourself because your thighs and ass is tight and aching
he just b taking to long for the simplest shit
and you like that cold shit huh ? ? haha
basically dr who in its later appearances is shit
kind of i guess , still pretty shit
i fucking love you too ! <3 p
well shit t , i don 't want to annoy them
as far as the q situation they ain 't got they shit together
what the actual fuck , my mum 's wearing shorts shorter than mine
shit well at least you keep it 50 % about what you want
thatss why i havent been releasing alotta shit
fuck the girl i dont even see her at this point
very cool but have no fucking clue what it says
suwoop ! the homie hooked it up with the shit , ima be all fucked up tomorrow
lmao naa yooo this random ass number called me on accident and now it won 't leave me aloneeee
i dont understand a shit , but i got the poster .
shit i can 't answer my m2u challenge question
where tha fuck dis rain kome frm
shit i will lol i 'm very observant
oh holy shit ! ! ! ! they are dating ! ! ! omg
shit we both doin da same thang ova time at da work shop nigga weekends da only free time sometimes
i have no fucking clue what this question is asking
just be off some different shit
me either ! april 13 needs to hurry the fuck up !
""" don 't fuck with the originals "" funny and scary movie"
bitch crazy ! rt lmfao ! ! u got to be kidding me with those rates
i know , my ass sleepy as fuck riqht nah
that must be a fucking joke
he fucking deleted me again ! i 'm fucking fuming !
lls , that shit dnt wrk for me !
chillin n this nut ass bar on the corner takin shots wyd
oh shit it is sunday o
a nigga who want gas money
ouch , i had no clue what a bitch
am like wth you almost ran me over by accident & decided to talk shit
hahaha we started this gangsta shit
same lol , get 'n shit done and taken life a day at a time
yep lol cause i just kno this shit gone bubble and you want suppose to tell everybody that lol
lol smmfh shit fuckn wit me u wont b a light weight for long lol
they built walls and buses out the ass ugh
and what happened to the red faced nigga
true and yeah , it is shit
awe man i hate shit like that
that mark dude on vt is fucking annoying .
no bitch thats not a buzz if your a major artist
some bitch is talking shit & that she 'll see her on the streets
it was really shit bearing in mind i have seen like every action and alien movie going
i hope i don 't bitch out gettin my nipples pierced lol
the hate is so strong right now , i 'm about to go super fuckin sayan on this place .
lol perfectly executed 30 min rant lol that shit was exemplar
you too ? ? ? ? lmao <> rt awww shit i got a stalker
honestly idk all i hear is screaming and moving shit
i was so fucking pissed off .
your maths is like my chemistry situation , i know fuck
lame d i think i 'll shit myself with rage over this , hope your happy twitter
shit , u guys crack me up xd
gotta write an essay ain 't that a bitch cuhz
"fuck is the "" ahhh "" for ? & what time ?"
to get shit faced in the mud and watch my chemical romance and two door cinema club
hell no that 's fuckin far ! i wish i knew somebody else w a fuckin car !
im tired of yo lil ass
i had the fl 14 producer edition and that shit got erased bc of a virus
lmao ! ! i 'm tall as fuck
shit , where are you from ?
but you cant mess with my shit b
it say sum shit bout damagin property or sum shit he out now doe
never met a real bitch then
cause ifuk around and just start hatin yo ass ! lol
fuck you been ! ! havnt tlked to you in awhile ! imy bro
tyga on this black thoughts 48 mixtape this shit ard dl it
shit , getting slightly impatient waiting on people
holy shit ! ! the gas is $ 40
sometimes when i 'm in total silence my thoughts run wild and i think of some next shit \
where the fuck is and get on twitter you fucks !
i am fucked up with this summer course |
i wish he would bring me my fuckin phone back sheesh
good luck channing ! i have to work all fucking day so i 'm saying it now
yeah i don 't need a mind fuck ! i have real life women for that !
fuck now its raining in pg - _ -
bout to take a damn shower
is on some healthy shit and gave up pizza
one tree hell < 8 i 'll watch this shit till the end < 8
moe is gonna kick all our asses silentlystrong
my mother is a damn fucked up bitch .
i 'm bleaching the fuck out of it so it goes white d d d d ! x
why the fuck would i be having fun ? -
i 've worked with they ass and for them 21
* i jump , eyes shooting open * shit ! ah
is actually a friend of the family so get ur fucking facts right
okay you ole i fucks wit twitter now
remember when you refused to follow me all those times ? yeah carmas a bitch huh ? lol
the mother fucking man him self ! ! ! lakers
lmaooooo ! partyin here is shit .
just v bored of the same old shit
damn straight ! ! dd when you said it to me on saturday night i lost my shit
fuck that bish , why did nazi germany use number in the gun names ?
damn nigga , yo bitch ass still talkin huh ? i told you i got you
those of us who pay taxes don 't give a shit .
i cried like fuck because i couldn 't go
lol you won 't find my ass in houston .
oh hells no chris is cheating me ? ! lmao we got a weird ass marriaqe lmao
eww we dont fight over dick
i can 't fucking stand it
ppl was talking about it was nice outside i got out of school and it was cold as shit
lmfaooo my legss tho ! make me put a mousetrap on ya bigg ass lipsss !
that shit should be against the law !
shit oc i 'm watchin ' too .
then woohyun suddenly drags l 's ass to the window and they start crying and yelling and reaching out
fck that how was ya wkend anyway bro .
if anyone dies it should be useless characters who do shit all .
but all the same , it 's shit .
keep that shit in a safe place
almost ripped my head off like shit ! smh .
not a damn thing ! do it now while you 're young
alot of my followers are drunk as shit .
is there a fucking problem with that ?
"where my "" pisces "" women at ? love y 'all krazy ass ! !"
insinuating that adam is fucking a teenager is completely out of line .
your shitting on my heart .
and stop listening to rene soft ass
matt 's voice makes me so fucking happy .
say what dawg ? link that shit up !
orh , then you shit uh ?
lol , you know that shit is funny
lmao i aint coppin that shit
that sound like some blowed shit
cant fuckin wait til nationals sunday dawg
has already been making him feel like shit
it 's fucking hot as hell man
that grass fucked up my nose tho
i 'll probably wear my stockings and a band shirt & shorts or some shit idk aha
we gotta write a essay to and this packet wit that weak ass book im on page 27
power rangers is dat shit well the old one wen i was little lol
like tonight he was all begging for forgiveness & shit
shit if i was perkins i 'd be hott too
relationships be boring as fuck sometimes smh !
shit tryn 78 see watchu had up 4 the weekened
bananas are gross as fuck .
mtrench just tweeted me ! ! ! ! go fucking look ! ! ! ! ! !
oh cause tk is your bitch ? get out of my mentions !
, but bitch i needa that smoke break
im to natural ? next time you see me i am going to be plastic + man up you pussy
imma delete that shit when she adds a picture ! real talk !
| chiara smiles trips over his foot shit
dont cry bitch laugh ! ! ! laugh ! ! ! ! just kidding
I'm just kidding."
this bitch i use to know
suspiciouscookieoffering rt do you want a fucking cookie ?
lol them damn mosquitoes gone tear her up if she living in the country
get your ass to my house now
psh , i ain 't scared of no damn movie
i 'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for ya ass
it 'll be shit tonight anyways !
sorreh ! we were on the move all the fuckin time , no time for internet -
lol u da one talm bout beatin my ass smdh
holy shit ! there not that bad ? i mean they could be worse .
until she started being a bitch
where he go ? my ass would of bn goin crazy by nw lol
nigga u don 't know shit bout basketball and u proved that the other day lol
its gon go crazy this shit already goin crazy we need a r & b singer you know anybody ?
you are a bitch haha .
lol forreal ? damn thanks for telling me that now smh that 's kool tho
you make me laugh so fucking much
"what is fizzy pop ? in danish "" fisse "" means pussy d"
this is why i don 't fuck wit nobody
"big time rush is fuckin game ! ! "" you know the words to that song don 't you"
lol , yeah this grown ass bxtch was tryna argue with me on the internet
oh fuck dat im takin all of mine !
i never talked shit about you tho or been unreal to your face
plus i am hungry as shit .
i wasnt able to attend cause of some gay ass shit
aww this nigga a hoe .
lol im not dealin wit that shit
we bout to stop by and talk to u on some real shit okay ? ?
i shit you not , i just found a tiny pair of glasses in my shoe .
what type of shit is this ! ! i love this phone but that 's a problem
- i 'm glad you now fully appreciate what a dumb , fake bitch she is .
we are the fucking oreo girls .
mane told a fatass hyperbole lol rt just got home from our game tired ass hell
fuck the chicken , why didn 't you turn the heater on ?
fuck me , that 's confusing ! ! ! - d
buut idk my sleep pattern is just all fucked upp
so i just out smarted and hoed yo ass
shit most of em live here lol
sadly , no one pays for shit .
yees ! but my fucking internet it 's not okay yet !
i had peeps over & that shit started
j and we called to tell you to get up , lazy ass .
i would show u who the bitch is
yalll bitches go hard lol i gotta catch up then
if he found out some shit about the shop dude ? * nod *
bout to finish this comic i 'm reading & then watch shit on netflix till i fall asleep
fuck naah , on the m3 onway back home from london * yawn * why ?
ay i been supporting hard , warm contacts specifically i fuck with the snapback team tuff
yeah , but watching videos on my computer is shit ! it takes forever to load ! !
boi she was fucked up to da max , dats da move
miley said ' bitch ' it 's on the news for weeks
all bullshit aside , i love ! she 's a fuckin show , b4 the actual show
will smash the shit out of a fly
you still hoin to another school ? & aw shit my mentions gone be crazy
it was a fuckin storm
it 's obvious that he 's gonna win ! lol i voted my ass off already d
your fucking icon i loooove it $
the process it takes to get the pussy gives headaches
no fucking idea , what you put her through
i think the whole farm your own shit would be cool
i wanna take shit to the next level
its the bop bitch ! oh and yo ass better be around for tim 's show today !
don 't do it , aint shit here
fuck it , i 'll tell em to raise the price if thats wachu want
but you 're fucking set for life !
lol fuck teamiphone its all about teamblackberry
i did da microwave shit bro it wks ! ! ! !
i didnt even know quinton had a cinema fucking film was awful tho nothing on the hangovers
why the fuck would we do that ? haha
omg i really thought dat place was closed & shit
why the fuck not , bishop is cool
spell check is a bitch
oh shit last time that happened to me , turns out i had sprained my back .
bish u luucky grr i will find a way fuck never say never
hell no , hes ass now
true - puts my hands on your ass -
i don 't fucking trust you .
tristan isn 't that bad ! i just fucking love matt lanter .
of fucking course , saroh is the best
oh shit you weren 't posed to see that
i don 't know bout you but that shit never work for me ! lol
o damn it , this sickness is fucking annoying -
i 'm bouta tweet like shit until we pick upp at work
aw well props to you ! on yo grown man shit lol
rt looking out this big ass window at this thunderstorm < - - thats so relaxing while smoking .
oh shit i see lil bra an on my tl lol
shut yo bitch ass up !
cdfu ! dat shit look like stress
but then he started playing houdini on my ass
trying step my shit up ! which also means in better results more lower cut & belly shrits d
your boyfriend is sexy , almost as sexy as my unicorn
omg then what would happen ! oh shit ! lol
bitch ! lmao naww i know i know what you mean
you should be banned because you taste like shit !
i left my whole fuckin bag in miami & noticed a hour later
goo bed ! your chatting shit right now , must be the sleep talkingg
well you should have fucked it up with the half and half
yeah , i gooogled that shit
aha the same i like to laugh and fucking excited to go to high school
how the fuck do you get it to work
yeah , like the bitch of vampire diaries
yeah , i hope she 'll stop with this shit
yes , these bitches be lying to themselves
awww fuck fuck fuck ! i wish rabobanks had better luck this tdf .
aron is fuckin ' amazing ! ppl should listen to him not hpew
fuck , i didnt look at the whole site i only searched the shoes
if you do know better , well , don 't be a bitch
if i hit a old guy it 's gon start some new shit
lmfao hahahaha ! i wouldnt do that to ya lol someone woulda called 27 27 on ma ass lol
then they had the nerve to leave only eggs left knowin that i dont eat them bitches
oh shit ! patton oswalt as eddie dean ? !
omg just had a banging ass chicken cutlet blt sandwich
if you lie on your dick you 're a bitch nigga straightup
idk when ass crack became cool but that shit needs to be put on lock
u put all ya old shit on ya new shit ?
damn girl you gone eat all of them lol
fuck wat u talkin , ima ask why if i want too lol
lmao rt i 'm a little down , ladies upload some ass shots on instagram
cn blue all the songs like shit .
lol and ryan 's bench time , fuck he 's rude .
ill save you anyday , fuck you
i will , i fucking promise you steph
hotmail is also on the shit list for not actually working when i 'm on a time limit .
spoiled ass ! i 'm lucky if i get ramen noodles !
yeah but you 're a whore .
when michael mcintyre isn 't even making you laugh you know your current situation is shit
holy fuck i 'm so going
it 's gonna hurt like a bitch but i 'll be alright
was the shit then and always will be
why is this bitch in my mentions telling me i 'm thirsty ? it 's a joke bitch
she acts like a damn kid
lol they look like they 'll steal yo shit
stop taking shit on twitter so seriously and go outside or something
you know ima short nigga lol
you lucky im already full on some good ass bacalau
my son hard headed as shit
star jackson knows who she can fuck with and who she can 't
anyone with a footballing philosophy not relying on long ball shit and hoping on individual brilliance
my name is donn asshole or dk for short .
kenny must be shitting bricks haha
i dont watch shit like that so idk what abc gonna do
listenin to cee lo green - fuck you
shit i wish i could be like you
how d fuck u only dm him
yeah , mm today is fucking day ! - _ - haha hbu ?
just kidding that was uncalled for youre an ass hole
well she better take that shit outside
guess wat ? ? ? ? i 'ont give ah fuck ! ! !
because youtube is being a bitch
o _ o - - - > rt my mouth just got all watery and shit
let 's fuck that pussy up together
hi everyone , i 'm dyeing my hair right now and it itches like fuck
i 'm almost sure my nigga sanchez was hittin ms
yall playin fuckin games lmfao nd where is jaz ass at
damn ey try to enjoy tha rest off the day thinkin off ya xo
lol nobody just feel like send this bitch up !
better not , i will bang your shit !
fuck your life ? ! im the one thats halfiing the calories !
haha that 'd be pretty good but i want them to come up with some bullshit
fucking get anything you want on illium - smiles - glad you liked them .
i 'm going to go get fucked up the ass by a woman .
my shit went out on me , & i was soooo mad
lmao no one wants that shit !
exactly thats what i said and everyone was like ahhh naw the whole shit knock
i 'm tired of the british monarchy always getting all the fucking awards
lmao i saw that shit
man what tha fuck is merge is that shit a meeting ? i keep seein ' that shit .
oh i wanted to call and bitch him out
i 'm lokkin ' 13 that app but i cannot find it fuck
when the fuck did u get up
i would lose my shit , and click ignore
aite hold on , downloadin shit .
i 'm watching et tonight & they mentioning guests and shit
even my mans was like damn
i feel so stupid ! why did i had to cry for those little
i 'm gonna take the bitch down
cool we need all hands on dick i mean deck tonight ! !
my 14 th tweet goes to we are gunna kick ass tomorrow ! <3
isn 't the fuck supposed to be after the pizza ?
you think im joking , i swear that shit just help me so much lol
who the fuck said that ? !
! but it 's supposed to rain & shit .
worried about you damn wats da deal ? ? ?
dnt let tht shit tht happened in yoo room get to yoo head boy
! ! i hate makinn that movee , too damn longggg
whiteonwhitehate rt ya everyone seems to be fucking with that kid
did you beat someones ass today ? lol
omg your fucking right ! he does look like liam ! d
not really i was just being an ass cause she wants to tell the world she 's on the rag
if you ask a gemini what their life goal is , they wont fucking know .
lol yeah because gas is cheap and shit
diggin in the crates , where the fuck is he would be amazed !
somebody do my shit too rt i got tha 95 ball if you do that english shit fa me
"been eatin swedish fish and twizzlers since 78 am "" < your crazzzy ass ."
fuck no ! ! ! i used to want to be a bug scientist lolz
cause her cousin is with her so she can 't come over i just think its all fucked up .
waka entertains the fuck outta me
have a safe flight and kick ass at the expo ! ! !
it should , but unless your hdd is failing because of physical issues , then you have shit luck .
holy shit ! ! jjust found dawn barbour on this ha l
- _ - bitch you going ? d
bitch did you get my tweet
nah i don 't fuck with them red bull wizards lol
haha i aint i cant design for shit lol xxxxxxxxxx
back in the day , you couldn 't even get away w this shit
shit me and you both .
at you local diner getting burgers and shakes wit coupons fuck that hoe
if lil b can make it , shit i 'm droppin ' out
he got back in his fuckin house
you stole my heart , you bitch p xx
it seems like nicki manja is your idol fuck she doing to these young females fucking there heads up
shit , u can do wat u want u a grown lady
lol good shit but dawg read this !
enjoy your life without me , you fucking idiots nothappy canyoutell
she stole dumb shit from me
bitch because i just got back from texas so im going to spend the day sleeping with my mom bondingtime
"they have a free "" get of my dick "" app"
can we atleast listen to gospel if its gonna be churchy shit ?
ever since aol did a merger with talktalk , my internet 's been shit .
alright , imma remember this shit lol
yeah its always likee tht , you , john , & them nasty hoes !
oh shit i thought u was from cali or something lol , wat part of queens ?
i just really can 't stand the slimey cunt .
just tried to call this nigga but i bet that wack ass evo is dead ! lol
""" get a buzz & watch some 4 d shit , yeah ! ! !"
i bust my ass at work everyday , and these brokies out here are the ones living it upp smh
jlu ai dit you gotta be fuckin kiddin me way to start drama
these bitches done showed up early while i 'm n class
the dirty hoes was out today ,
i 've given up on the proposal really i know its shit i dont care anymore lol
my phone been running slow and shit lately , nigga doesn 't know what to do .
lol you know i used to beat you and ass all the time so don 't front
lol , your right about that 34 & i ate that shit everyday as well
get over chetan and mind your own shit lady
ctfu ! cause your shxt is just flat like a piece of paper ma niggah
really ? ? ? ? ? we are twins idiot .
anne robinson finally quits the weakest link loool bitch got tired of winking and standing
you fuckin better ! i miss you and i 'm having stefaniewithdrawals ! !
tf you got on that bitch
i 'm actually gutted because there with deaf havana and lower than atlantis ! fuck sake
whats the point ? jaz clearly doesnt give a shit what youre saying
fuck that im there this year
whereas everyone else just sat there and laughed , shows how much you give a shit .
depends is a reg of hers ? or is he randomly telling her to do shit
aweee atleast your still talking shit about them lol how did you play ?
she is for me , his mine and that bitch took him away , not impressed
stop talking that shit go and suck a nigga dickk for a new outfit
lol it 's big sean shit i thought the bar was hot sheesh
i 'm upset at the entire ghetto ass website .
i 'm away to clean cat shit and vomit
lmao fuck her u aint goin no wher and you will be my gary
wish i wasn 't so nice sometimes ! wish i could just let the inner bitch out
doesn 't mean it 's blocked , could just be fucked ?
getting hacked off with these dick heads linking their twitters and tumblrs to their facebook accounts
yeah , exactly , so there 's two reasons the bitch won 't hit you
about a child whos like possess his like in a coma and shit .
i don 't know how this wedding shit works .
aint shit gone make me smile but alotta food n sum dessert
you will never catch me living in a crickety ass house .
the shit you just said !
lol that old man was funny as hell too i 'll beat both of ya ass like ya stole somthin
just tell me to fucking suck it up and push through it .
fuck i just lost the game .
damn girl well just stay up just to see how long you can make it lol
"what u kno bout it ? qt "" gucci bandana used to be my shit !"
what a bitch move acting like he got hit with boozer 's elbow
i heard you & yuur sister tlkinn shit or subtweetinn about my twinnn .
look everyone they 're selling weak ass blackberry 's at walmart ! ! ! >>
nope , im 55 , will it shit me up and is it scary | | | ?
aww shit i just woke up ! its bout to be smoking time ! ! ! ! ! !
lmao omg that bieber love story u told me to read is long as shit !
reading and leeds looks shit this year , you should all go to long division instead
yea so stop talkn shit bout the school
"if your name was "" brittany skydrop "" and made music i 'd still fuck with you"
at the crib , watching sc and shit
only if you get off his dick
lol waaaack shit im typing dis essay , eeeh help me ? d
damn you too ? ? i hate when i do that .
wait how am i fake , what did i do your ass ! ?
"sorry ass mixtape should be the name ! rt jammin "" sorry for the wait "" mixtape"
now if yo ass don 't cut the shit
nice to know that a person i follow is a fucking piece of scum
people wear some ugly shit to bed
at some park under a shelter , chillin not doing shit as usual , wyatt ? rt lol wya ?
that feels better ! seriously , i wouldn 't fuck her with my worst enemies dick ! hahahahaha !
now phatz dat nigga can sing u gota get hipped
man it ain 't like that bro you know it shit man i 'm struggling
they get on my damn nerves in here .
your subtweets be obvious as shit lmao .
i do they give me a shit load of hours !
lol aw thats cute i see you tweetin and shit !
in a bad way like she ties her hair up with a scarf dat type of shit
he says he can 't have anymore dude he 's being an ass
damn trice now i 'm lonely
well that 's a sorry ass cover sucks
right smh imma just have 29 come bust ya ass in some 29 lol
aint shit new to me done seen it all b4
ikr * crazy ass fools in love ! aha
wow do it tell u where its being sent from , like aol or some shit like that
ikr ? ! they still know how to play there old shit !
smashing this subway i 'm fucking starving
shhiii me too , just not them lil ass shrimp !
even if at times her ass makes me think dirty about her lol
fuck that man nah we need him in the ground today ! enough is enough !
unless there 's a shit storm when k gets back from dropping off the kid
fuck driving my sister to student council early .
you look like you have a dick
what the fuck have u gt against ireland ? !
he was scared as shit
"without thinkin n forgetting who on the fone i say "" i dont give a fuck "" lmao"
yes ! it was fucking amazing ! <3 <3
they all talk shit on it haha , i haven 't a clue what to do !
haha xd call my phone ! i cant find the bitch .
sick ! rt come out of my ass
he betta sit his ass allll the way down
"* draco scowls , "" pouting ? ungrateful bitch ! "" he muters *"
omgggg i fuckin hateee thosee i literally jump off my seat and scream so loud
shit , tomorrow is friday , where has the week gone !
lol fun from the shit i remember
cause i am shit at art so this is a major task for me ! xd
i was being sarcastin cunts - _ -
and all the shit about planning and strategy and shit .
! ! ! ! its overrer ! ! ! rt tru shit u right ! ! !
how to do that * * * i alteady know jow to dougie bitch ! jb taught ma !
ima block her ass on fb and lee mark ass
don 't make my dick rise
hell to the fucking yes d
if ur bad bitch and a nigga ain 't saved u yet
go solo you cunt <8
its shit innit ? i 'm so glad that i 've got my own money which i 've earnt myself
i love how andy is saying his last name now d you fucking legend , man !
s but honestly its hard as fuck ! if i could , i would
nahhh i wasn 't bored xd duuuude liverpool kicked man utd 's ass 5 nil xd
im on iss ne shit or i can set up a private auction on ebay
fuck it ? rt everyone could just come to my house but fuck it .
but she 's gotta be fine as fuck haha and i 'm not gunna have the drunk goggles on lmao
"text from my brother "" i feel the need to be absolutely clear about this fuck the royal wedding ."
have you read the twilight ' series ' ? worst shit i 've ever seen published
mandla - kindly fuck off please
shit watchin tv sober af
oh shit , the temptations is on tv
shit like that will cause a revolution .
- winks and shakes ass at you -
i gotta let a bitch have it ?
for the record , that hp joke is shit because voldemort 's mum is dead , too
whys that no going away ! ? whore .
when did i fucking lie to you ? ! ? #
whoever hit & run my car , karmas a bitch ! ! !
"i blame facebook for making these basic bitches think that they 're "" the shit "" in real life ."
where yo ass drivin to
alot o rumors ! ! ! ! ugh bitch hurt another amazing boy ? > |
lolol alcoholic my ass , i just got into this shittt
you rap like a fucking 40 year old bitch .
half them niggas are dick riders
straightlikethat rt you don 't fuck w me , i don 't fuck w you .
clips4sale is so fucking corrupt
know damn well he dont know your ass , shame .
hell yeah you better get my bro his italian ass he a ghetto italian doe ! !
you was acting like a big ass when you came , i shudda pushed yo ass down them steps !
s - shut the fuck up
hearing me say you 're gonna be fucking dead in about 15 minutes would freak her out
lmao ha u sound like a hater man lol rt that 's what kg punk ass get
i 'm not a fucking cockney !
"highly doubt it "" well i will beat your ass in black ops tomorrow !"
you did that just to be a smart ass
people at work are doing my fucking nut in
that sheet was confusin too like shit lol
then i fuck with youuu !
niggas is crazy you can 't trust em provenfact
he was being a bitch , so i shut him up , fuck he crying for ! ? ? !
- o bitch , shes the ugliest one !
lmaoo i be thinkin of alot of shit & ppl dont see it that way sometimes
it 's come to my attention fans are givin ' tommy shit
this shit is fiiiiiireeee i don 't like the taste of fanta
thank you ! ! ! put that shit on my boobs or something lol
rt rt lmaoooooo it was so fuckin hilarious whenifirstmet - lmaooo smd | lmao mad !
lol u been cheating nd shit
fuck yea go the doggies !
re - sits are gods ! what you doing at uni bitch - face ? your nickname btw
new balls deep me saying horrible shit about the nfl owners
just facetimed my sister w her dumb ass .
shut up ! ! ! ! ! everytime i see u tweet i just wanna beat yo ass
yall aint seeing shit ! yall shaded my baby now yall wanna see ? no !
"opperation "" get michael drunk so i can fuck him in the back room "" is on a go"
he said you were bieng a dick .
boston is annoying as fuck but i miss my homies
i definitely relate to that gangsta shit lol
cool cool , there 's so much other shit u will like about your phone ! get sbsettings dawg
lol , let me know if her ass is real first lol ! ! nohomo
* laughs and playfully presses my ass against you , teasing you before walking off *
wait , you said 88 rd ? ? and ugly ? a noshit ! lol asjdmgjlmno
yea right its kuz ur ass is mean
this shit is getting out of hand
i want her ugly ass to get back here and balance that damned budget ! lls
shit im hatin tmobile right now .
some man just got stabbed in town ! o shit
my middle finger hurts like a mother fuck .
the foam posits , air maxs or some new shit
then why the fuck did you just push them to the side ?
i just want to fucking hug someone and cry my fucking ass off .
it 's okay friend me & you both know that shit ain 't true !
just about to meet bob irwin , steves dad ! snakes and shit !
sounds like a nice ass outfit .
gotta keep that entitlement shit going now , don 't we ?
i think vera was mentally broken before the ass whooping even begun at the end of the 100 st
oh shit , i think i scarred that over .
aye don 't get smart wit me becuz i asked a question shit
so shut up bitch until im done
that would be fucking awesome lol
why didn 't you like my new pic bitch ? i 'm done with you !
i missed this but assume you tweeted them ? you little bitch
just fuck off and leave me alone
this job is making me black as shit - _ _ _ -
look down my fucking profile there all about aiden !
it 's not that your memory is shit you prob just repressed that one haha p
yeah she can but she aint got shit on me though .
hot as fuck , but i have alot of friends here now .
"just heard a snippet of beyonce "" girls who run the world "" that shit is hoooooot !"
lip rings are so trashy
im talking alot of shit ! but best believe i mean it !
let me find out ur cheating on me with a female .
i need to take my ass to sleep so im well rested for tomorrow bt i cant sleep smh
awww bre let me do your tracs wait yu hair long as shit what yu need tracs for
it 's really a pain in the ass for us
i wouldnt take her ass to the corner store
i know it 's nice as shit out here i 'm bout to take khia to the park
yes i do believe it you fat twat
cant believe the shit i just heard
all of the above but i ate lol u got class & shit today ?
"take ur ass too bed than ashley "" !"
i agree hahahha he needs some of that wax shit you can mold hair with
don 't expect it to be fucking amazing .
yeah i understand just continue being strong and keep up the good work fuck the babydaddy your better without him
hey did u know is fucking funny ? told ya he ain 't just hot ! ! totalpackage
you eva go night night nigga ? !
i wanna qet fucked up toniqht !
can we just go back to oos already and be done with this shit .
the night , i had school and stuff today , so i was busy with shit .
good shit rt oooo interestings , i like his work , good stuff
i do not want to start shit on that website with my name on it
i kno females be late but ya show up when shit be shuttin down lol
i think it 's only if you sign some data plan shit
man we been busy as shit
but they had marathon on sunday and wow they deal with some mean ass people
what about my fucking children ?
bitch read your own tweets and stop sipping that deluded tea .
damn near i just heard that old drug sounds tape and that shit feel harder than his new shit
they were reading bible versus all loud and shit
take yo ass to sleeep ! ! ! lol
it 's a fucking good day
you know all y 'all gotta be there that shit would be toooo fun
holy shit ! i just seen a spider bigger than my hand run up my wall
cuz you say shit that i always say in my head , but not outloud .
u know it i don 't jus wake up and talk shit to people lol
she failed the first time then passed today , massive fuckin 38 x4 , black one ! beaaauuutiful ! xx
i just wanna know what the fuck happened to my medicine ? ? ?
who the fuck you think you tlkin too i spell it how i want too punk
i fucking will abracadabra bitch ! dont rush me ! !
lmaoo i 'm nervous bout 57 somes too bitch i dnt think i could do it
i wanted to do business and law but um fuck that
i 'm already fucking wasted so now we dance .
nah yu seen how i act n public sober n shit
now get your ass off of me ! ! ! xd
that awkward moment when zach would want a whole fucking taco bar .
i have a huge sore on my back , and it fucking hurts like a bitch
my parents fuck me off so badly .
need to get out of bed and start sorting some shit outtt
i just got a mental image of with a big - ass pair of bolt cutters
bitches step offffff my underage man
this niggah gon try & say he 60
i bet that bitch sleeps till noon
i laugh & spit on your shit
kinda but shit im ready for a relationship now !
that is a fucking good guy , and a hell of an artist !
go take a shower you nasty bitch lol .
i bet he rides round manchester in a big fuck off range rover just monging out .
lol i didn 't start with yo pretty ass eyes
ohh the boys club that shit be jumpin again
now i know i dont know you but damn you keyed the nigga car
who the fuck is donne hoover
ergh - _ - they 're fucking up my hard work haha
shit was on the news i heard
its a sign for me to stop you asswipe
yall shouldn 't showed me that shit
if the price is right , he 'll be your bitch all night long lol
lmao right , the fuck , i need some motivation today
u want me to look crazy ? lol this bitch gonna be on the news and shit
they got the booths where u can sit and order bottles and shit
nigga u the next weedhead and shit lmao
if you don 't have haters you ain 't doing shit right bossman .
wanna fuck ? check out this site to meet with sexy singles guaranteed !
a bitch need some snacks .
shit be live over there lol
the shit i just took reminded me of how much i miss your face .
you do remember i have a dirty mind , right ?
that 's that shit that drives me crazy
you need your ass whopped !
oh yah were bad ass all the way
its shite we have scared them all away , ha she still talkin shit
fuck him ! he walks pass me like he don 't fucking know me !
baddest bitch yet though ? who the fuck
oh god , that 's fuckin sexy ooooo
fuck you give me a break and help me for once ! !
damn , that is a lot of money
bitch your lying ! ! ahhaha add me so i can deny ur ass ! ! hahahahhahah jk xd
where the heck you been fake ass ?
watchin shit again u lol x
"oh fuck off then "" bgt"
boy im bored as fuck .
don 't fucking mention me in ur tweets bitch
but they got fucked up by money
i 'll keeepu updated on what time ima be there cus i got school n shit
where are all the fucking people ? !
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect your ass
okay yeah that shit went too hard
don 't u kid kid me bitch
np i despise the fucking dodgers lol
that mixtape was just him rappung on other rappers beats bt2 is his own shit
like i cant fucking take it any longer .
alotta bitches from high school grew up to be
bitch make me ! i do what ? i 'm confused - _ -
i completely agree , saving pearl saving his own ass
o rt my mom says nigga more than i do
gab his ass for all i care
well my legs gon get to fucking up lol it can still the size it is for now
but are the main ones fucking up
fuck off you little cunt
awwwww hell noo im not convertin dis new tob fuck dattttttttttttttttttttttt
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross shit
i 'll kick yo ' ass in the morning biaaaatch
this shit has been bothering me for a while .
suspenders are the shit ! i have at least three pairs
you 're just bored as fuck , just like me .
and i 'm tired as fuck
wait , fuck off , or get it from somewhere else !
his shit is horrible , ive heard songs from that arent that bad .
that 's so fucking , i don 't wanna go to uni yet then ! ! d
i misss you already goof ass hoe
she is fucking adorable and i can 't get over how much she looks like you !
damn when yo spring break ? i 'm finna be outta school & shit
employ more fucking staff ! ! simple .
them bitches was high as hell smh .
we like the same shit .
no respect from the bitches ?
have her as mad as shit in vabeach
enoughisenough with this ass lol .
think about puppies and kittens and pretty little cakes and ribbons and shit .
if jesus wanted you to suck him off , would you do it ?
nd then when u say forget it they say i want to know ! nd ur like bitch move on
nigga i knew wht the f * ck i said lol
i wish this shit would happen to me .
all it would do is pass me the fuck out , lmao .
u know i 'm right hoe ! ! u dont like what i post don 't read it bitch
damn bri u can 't do shit smh
oh auight i gotta new english teacher and shit ! ! ! lol
i went last week and seen transformers , was fucking shite xx
for all you bitches d
if you got the balls to drink tigerblood then
i kno trust me i 'll neva 97 get that shit
"i love you ! but damn nigga you make me wanna cheat sometimes "" aint that the truth !"
i would love to fucking tweet again
accidents fucking happen in the wrong period of time
that 's fucked up , rude , stupid , & unprofessional of her
right - don 't shit yourselves thinking it 's later than what it is but
i 'm constantly surprised by the amount of dubious shit my cousins that age get up to .
youre one of the sexiest bitches i know
ok let 's fuckin review for the idiot
ion fuck with them lol i dont think
i love you cause your ass is kicking awesome ?
come fuck with them ymboyz
fuck you you hoe i don 't want you back !
lmaoooo like shit ! ! ! im not surprised ! ! !
stop hidin behind ur comp and be about sumthin u lame ass bitch
why the fuck is planning her funeral ? !
lmao shit i woulda did that shit
what did god do on sundays ? so fucking bored
* winces * fuck , darling , i 'm going to be 94 in two years .
uuu bold ass hell for that one but if thats how u feel
where 's my fuckin wallet ? ! ? ! ? ! ? lol
* you dnt come at me you dick * ahahahaha ummm ok !
that shit wasn 't real wtf ? you have the same fuckin problems
but who the fuck cares ?
wooohoo ! ! have fun fucking ryan ! don 't make too much mess ! xx
not shit though just trying to have some fun
fuck it i didn 't want it anyways x
and then she brought him in class and kept talking about her house like anyone gave a shit .
rt fuck yes gwen is releasing new music in march !
im not even gone argue wit yo broke ass i slap the shit out you
you just like deaded my shit .
fucks are never given with me so yes we cool lol
if she ain 't the biggest airhead
im soo fucken excited for work today
was on a treadmill gettin ' my ass in shape
won on the horses and lost my fucking betting slip ! ! ! ! ! ! gutted ! ! !
wasn 't trying to be a smart - ass though it does tend to happen
you already know bitch you 've seen the closet .
i can 't wait to see molly whop amber ass in this season of lovegames
you just havin one of those shit nights ? coz you seem a bit down - ish .
lmao idk yet how we gonna get there dick
i do know how shit parking at stations can be , but let me explain my view p
you still fuckin wit us next week nephew
why the fuck did you imagine that porno | i wont sleep now you sick little girl .
i break tons of shit .
- i was qone delete this shit , i hustled too hard .
smoke spinach ? uhh mix that shit with the kush
i am being nice ! i 'm not a bitch like other people are
dear baddest bitch , you seem to have left a bottle in lay 's car
i wanna see that movie about the cute lil guy that shits jelly beans
idk if i should drink this early fuck it ! -
it 's the nets ! ! you think anybody gives a shit about them this season ?
that shit hurt ! lol my right arm is the worst
i 'd yell fucking jocks but i 'm the manliest dude there
because of fucking johnnah ! no im at home idk where it is im about to cry im so mad
having loads of followers and being a total dick thataintwinning
yea ! my nigga on my team
shit bruh in this class bout to head to work
if i had a brother i would neverrrr live that shit down
"look how your typing smh your "" 19 "" learn how to fuckin type and spell"
shoulda thought about tht yesterday when you fucked up
i think you 've worn everything except for the shit i bought you here
aghhh fuck i put it away already ! ! ! i 'm sure the lineup is online tho
lmao if it wasn 't a mission ill fuck wit it but thats dead i rather stay around my end
don 't bother yourself with that shit .
& they were all shit - talkers .
"no bitch i miss being 80 you on the other hand are still a "" teen"
tryna follow your big ass footsteps ! besides that , just chillin .
ohh shit ! got any pictures ? haha
irn bru ! ? fuck , i thought that was dead
now bitch you know that 's a damn lie
pills ? why , you have no chemical imbalance just a stick up your ass and chip on your shoulder
i wish i could do that wit my pop but i really don 't fuck wit bul anynore
bra kobe hasnt always been like the he was playful and shit too .
they usin that shit already ? - _ -
i don 't even keep count of that shit
whatever i 'll fuck with you later fool goodnight
we thought it was gonna be perfect and a fucking fairytale , bull crap .
"moms told me "" only thing you should be stressin , is gettin some pussy "" i love her doee"
we bust and and jaylin ass
duh ! ! ! he was out fucking another dog and then he cam back home
there are pictures of niggas and bitches and they business is all out .
""" & he fucking stabbed the needle in my arm so hard it was bleeding d"
maybe then we can get shit done
yeah your pretty and all but your ugly inside hoe .
i 'm the one that stays away from shit like that unless my name comes up .
i don 't want them bitches to have they face covered
i want to ! but my cousin is always on my ass about my appearance .
this time shes dressed as a airhostess , the kinky bitch !
i wanna get fucked up tho
i pay for my own shit off of a juiceshop salary
yeah fuck school ! fuck it hard
not my job then call moms shell order my shit
bitch ! i want kiwi spoon !
or you can get the vegetarian option if you 're a pussy p which is a bit more expensive
holy shit ! haha , nuts up here mate ! what was the game like ?
< - - - - - doesn 't give a fuck about greek life
fucking hell where r u .
i actually my show a little ass crack
that credit card shit was the funniest
lol rt no shit me too
everytime a nigga get disrespected by a female , the insults always start wit little
no shit ? ? ! ! when da mixtape droppin ?
nothing at all just bored shit to do ! ! ! !
listening to all the good shit .
hell yeah its been 48 hrs i been waiting for this bitch to upload .
the back door of my house is going to be busy as fuck this spring break .
boutta whip ass in some late night fifa .
he just put that shit on the cd case .
pilotwings and shit do not belong in the same sentence .
bitches be jealous of our sexy sexy tweets .
i wana be wit you for as long as we can stand eachovas bull shit .
i was bout to say somrthing bout that , see everytime u talk shit about lebron the lakers lose
some day nascar will need to take their collective heads out the sand or from up their ass
indeeed , igota scan my shit now
yeah leave it there girl and don 't let anyone fuck you over
because every fucking thing i see on facebook makes me sad i couldn 't help it .
im shit at spanish ! xxx p
i don 't understand this shit
good turn it around for the better fuck the past be focus on a way better future
i 'm shit with confusing films !
i was going to watch never say never , but then i found out that shit isn 't real
fuck thatttt , dancing for me every night d lmfaoooo
wtf is lls , lbs , ctfu , dis shit gettin out of hand lol
ohh shit im fucking with that
he just chats shit all the time
fucking hell paige thats well good ! xxxxxx
thats what his ass get .
oh that is true omg that is ahahaha so fucking ture the orange ppl were giants oh shit omg
so you uninstalled a camera that 's installed in your computer now how 'd you manage that shit
lmmfao fuck it take one for the team
rt i swear lemonade is the fuckn best handsdown
i ain 't dark like leo ass
a big ass difference between the 58 ! ! !
i fucking love the new part ! ! you writing more ! i 'm gonna now xxxxxxxxxx
i ain 't bought shit either
and all alabama fans are bitches real talk
lol naw kev just gotta let muh fuckas know
this shit right here ! ! ! never gonna be gone
you have a new nickname bitch
you need to take yo ass to bed bru
complex gt me fucked up ! i 'mjussayin why
cause he does x he like yell at me and shit ! freaakin hate him
just go the fuck away .
man got me on dat 42 ' s show i luv dis shit it 's killing me
this week was such a pain in the ass , lol .
hah on my mother 's bday ' okay , shit , i can 't wait !
"does this make you laugh "" i dont give a flying fuck"
put your headphones in ? haha little shit
that shit would be comedy .
they won 't give a fuck
i 'm halfway done with her crazy ass , and refuse to start from scratch
"it 's "" throw "" & lmfao i fucking hate you"
my mom just dicks me now
if that 's true then damn that sucks .
dog yall need to stop that shit lol
how would u feel if u saw shit like that u would be mad to
not disrespectful at all the other bitch shoulda played her cards right
that yo ass should of just walked to dennys lol
the fuck you mean , u charging me 43 bucks for my little ass bag to get checked in
alriht thinkin bout getting back on just school and shit
gettin shipped again , shits crazy
it 's cool yu won 't get shit next year .
shit bout to get me somethin to eat an take this car to the dealership
"& you need to stop that "" get it got it good "" shit lol"
yes it would p lots more time to do shit i actually wanted to do
i cant wait to get the fuck out of sd
you talk a lot of shit but yeah i do
damn i got it all messed up
rt funnyyyyyyy - fuck i look like kevin hart bih ? lol
holy shit haha damnnnnn you should go again next time ! d try to bring matthew with you !
where the fuck yoooouuuu been at ?
im still mad at this cunt .
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this bullshit with me
am i the only one that thinks buttering waffles is a pain in the ass sometimes
lol ima have too much fun aint nobody gonna be worried about yo baby midget ass hahaah
damn and you actually do , and why you fuck with them buster ass lakers ?
i 'm getting really fed up with this shit .
lol bro chill nigga that person was talking shit if yu forgot
yeah , i googled that shit !
chelsea need to stop losing to shit teams like wolves , sunderland and liverpool for that to happen .
man this shit is gettin wiild over here lol .
just leave fuck boy alone
cause you stopped fucking with me
nd yall is dead ass wrong
and corey up there laughing nshit
get yall asses on on demand and do it for free , lol my mommy does it
thats what he does , he never makes shit up just uses everyone elses .
and you always tell me to not give a fuck about what people say .
i exchange my bad habits for a habit and maybe he 'll come murder me
im talkin about the text wth the ghetto ass timnisha !
wat was the cursing fucking about ?
ewwww , bitch dont u dare to do naughty things in my bed , or my pool o lmfaoooo '
then the second time there was aloud ass noise in the background .
its ciara larason jondelle and get that shit right hoe
i don 't give a shit about it
i say the only time its even close to acceptable is if a bitch is pointing a gun at u
i 'm telling you shit too tough
- gotta small ass cut & shits bleedin alot -
tom is bad as fuck .
- grins - i hear yall have a small girl army rallied to find the bitch
did i win the tight ass award or was that for this pear girl ?
lol foreal though ! rt take yo ass to sleep
and i still haven 't fucking eaten
damn 38 years ? i 'm never gon catch up
tyga can go get eaten by a tiger , he sucks daddy dick
you got home fast as shit
bitch when werent you in love lol
with your baggy ass cheap 94 cent pair of sweatpants !
she the poster girl for peta hair bitch
check out my new profile pic on facebook it makes me laugh like fuck justsaying
day pole shit was tuff ! !
that shit always won me over .
really really fucking good * he bites his lip * s - sorry
who wants to see your fucked up elbow ? lmaoo .
i aint got shit but i 'm drinking what yall got * its a party ayyy *
i really like the pic tho smart ass .
yeahh fuck you for waking me up
we get high as fuck then we just do it put ya nikes on
why can 't i change my fucking picture ? - _ -
lmao maze is high as fuck lol
whatcha doing today you big fat curly headed fuck ?
i need to be working a a record label or some shit .
is my favorite person to retweet ! she follows weird shit ! p
wtf ! have u looked in the mirror ! u look like a fuckking troll bitch .
when u gon fuck wit ya boy son
awww shit well lemme hear it when you do it
yo u a greedy fukkn bitch son
shit i 'm from the midwest gotdammit
fuck dat hoe she ain 't got shit on me
so much better this shit to soft for me
hahaha ! ! ! ! ikfr i know fucking right ahhhh i just love d
but u got barrz 10 fuckin lyfe 10 mayweather voice
bout to fuck my diet up today .
yo ass ain 't even got 53 k11 on xbox you got that shit on dreamcast n shit lmao
how the fuck are you ? !
good shit my boy ! i knew you would make that joint into a hit
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let me suck ya juice box
loll your mom is a g
u inspired most of this shit
rt gorilla bitch get me a soda
mm f - fuck * i close my eyes and lean my head back *
grr all commodores have shit resale till they hit about that 65 k mark then they sit there for ever
will u get me a wedding dress aswell coz france peoples fashion sense is shit
jazmine cashmere got that life changing fuck game
well uf better get the fuck ready for us
fuck fuck omg i wanted to talk to you on fb then you went offline
yes bitch i clearly asked have you heard him b4
always subtweetin each other bitch noone fuckin cares abt your problems
i not here for beyhoece 's broke ass
hahah i do that shit goes hard
they have me in this huge ass rental that i too crashed that
* throws confetti & dances in it * i 'ma smart bitch , i 'ma geek
dont rub it in lol , whats some good fun shit for the phone lol
the guy is a piece of shit too .
lmaooo it 's okay though mannn we were only there for an hour cuz my mom was being a bitch
the weather better be nice az shit this when getz here
i 've always wondered , do you really smoke or do you fake shit like this .
no biggie , i 'll bitch some more when i wake up
nd she got the fuckin nerve to say no smfh
my leg hurts like a bitch .
don 't you hate when you click on a link and a damn pop - up comes up ?
fuckyool i say let that boy cook so much cause i 'm always starving lookin ass
anyway , in what way did you fuck up your hand ?
ok fasho i appreciate it man real shit
you learn something new on twitter everyday ! i love you sick fucks !
uhuh i dinny need to take him a chocolate rabbit tomorrow now he got five , greedy shit .
i can that shit even when he smile
but i aint doin shit really working on mixes
nawl if anything beat a nigga ass
i feel like shit all over again
are both of you going tonight ? where the fuck am i getting this monet from ? hahah
you 've shouted me out and ff 'd the shit out of me d
i 'm in galveston and ain 't do shit about it lol
better stop that shit before i have to start reciprocating all over the place
still a boring ass tv show
hurry ya sleepy ass up i wanna get the fck out my crib
itssadwhen you got whiskey dick actually that 's a epicfail
- walking to your car , gets startled by a squirrel - oh shit ! damn squirrel !
blak king told me one of the last times i talked to him about the hd life shit .
lmfao , just go with it bitch .
i wanna be in this shit
oh you dead ass wrong lol
know i fuck wit him
you can tell he just put some shit out
sit ur ass down dont mind me , im hating
lol stay ya ass in the car
what the hell is vip tickets ? ! i got lawn bitch
buychrisbrownfamealbum if u following him and he never tweetcho ass back
i give no fucks nigga ! lol
yes yes yes bitch , dnt ask , jx make me ,
your auntie hoing herself w that fucking signature lmfaooooo ! i 'm like bye maaa .
lol she a scaredd bitch that 's why lol
aite krissy dnt make me get on yo ass lol
we gonna whip your ass
ahahaha fuck off you made that up xd
i see shit i dont like
just for tonight bcuz my mentions r dead as fuck
don 't trust that nigga - bitch over there .
this shit is like live
that blind bitch is not blind , she knows everything ! prettylittleliars
photo bradisourking hnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggggggg ! he is so fucking hot !
amnesia is the most fucked up game ever
dear insecurity fuck off ! im tired of feeling afraid to do things
goo get roses on ya ass from taron haha
damnnn everyone lookin for one
and fucking joel anthony is never open but he 's still dunking on my team
oh helll naw them bitches came at you while i was sleep
lol yea and that shit is funny 93 watch
needs to get her ass on twitter so we can discuss skins in the breaks !
omb ! ! ! silos ipod keeps changing my shits into shots
* grins * well , shit , rematch sure sounds like fun
i could see gambit being his little bitch though
"y 'all are gonna keep busting my ass for leaving out the "" just "" aren 't you"
* drew and do i sense jealously ? rt cos it 's justin fucking bieber
lol whatever girl at least im getting paid shit
exam cudda at the same fucking time weinthere ! ! ! !
i just hope i don 't make an ass out of myself .
ctfu ! just say it big head , you love me ! haha you not gonna do shit iight
my hands an ass aint connected
bitch ! idgaf u understood wat i ment right
joe mcelderry has been dropped because he 's shit and hasn 't done anything worthy !
sadly i took 66 fucking art classes this year so i am swamped -
"shit ! sorry babe , only just got your tweet "" xx"
aww man taylor gang jus came on loud as shit ishine woke up rappin it
nobody really fucks with facebook nomore
fuck you i want to play
i can careless bout some punk ass dollars
some douche moaning to me about how shit his life is l i 'm boredd ! ! < 24
am i wrong thinking a tax - exempt charitable grant can be to an unincorporated ass 'n ?
what the fuck is janner county ?
might even ask you to bring my pinnie down for this shit
really ? this hoe then lost her damn mind .
it 's creative tho how they got all his tattoos n that weak ass lip ring lol
i know you feel stupid bitch .
you 're my bitch , you 'll make my food , woman !
gahlee working at mcd is a fucking mess
haaha i was fucking with you
i can actually play the trumpet you filthy bitches !
the responses i get when i correct them though ? they 're retarded
have you heard me sing ? no ! so fuck you !
he make the pussy happy , i keep it happy .
onlyincovington your friends talk shit while your not around
yooo i got tired of all the freezing and shit smh
you share that shit with me though no problemo ! rt randomfact i don 't like sharing my bed .
this shit betta not eva come out again
lol usually i don 't give a fuck but this time i got soft lol
haha brains ! ah yeah grand just fucking boooored haha xxxx
but at least i 'm not calling her bitch or something .
the airs mad thick pause , fuck up man swear i hate with all my heart sometimes
fuck is wrong with your phone ? !
and my grandma gave me a shot and a big ass pill for the pain
feeling like a top notch cunt today , now i can understand why a lot of people hate me hahaha
rt a nigga lets have a barbeque today
awh wt a dick ! have u talked to him ?
you can never fuck wit me
walk walk fashion baby , work it , move that bitch crazy .
- frowns when he spots an empty box on a shelf - guess i 'm shit outta luck .
u need to turn you 're fucking phone off take a hot bath and relax with wine
"it 's "" look out , it 's a fucking tornado !"
stop what ? what the fuck
fierce bitches only , of course .
like the old days shit used to b to real
she 's an amazing girl and so fucking hilarious ' so crazy
first of all didn 't blow shit up but the barhroom this morning i sent 60 tweet
my messages aint sending on bbm ! fucking stressed maynnnn - _ _ - aha hope your okay anyway x
homie i jus said she went the fuck in lol
ugh stop talking man no one gives a shit about your awful craic , you bore me !
what , this shit 's enough , i ain 't fucking high maintenance like you missy .
true rt its funny some bitches dont eat meat but they suck dick heavy
oh shit lmao don 't expose that !
if yo everyday shoes is some wack ass payless babydoll shoes youarat
talkin bout his ass got a green card .
network has bin fucked all day
why the fuck do i keep bumping into this boy
people are so full of shit , so samethingtomorrow
bitch you couldn 't stop me imhollin hip ass
fuck it , let 's go out and rob a bank or something lol jk
sayyyy fucking word , i 'm going dt though just now !
and i wonder is 14 cents worth you getting your ass beat today
that shit is pretty good lowkey
go for the one that looks most kick ass
hell yea where u find that shit at lmfao
y 'all quit that middle school shit .
you have never been a bitch to me .
we on african timee lihh shit !
he broke the kronik ? and fuck , was it a good game ? gimme a breakdown
smh oh well maybe this backlash will wake that fat ass of hers up lolol
surely you 're allowed a day off on a bank holiday to not give a shit ? !
thats good - smiles - im tired as fuck - yawns -
my dumb ass had no clue , lol , but i 'm definitely following back
jus becuz i like sex doesn make me ah hoe .
yes , latex tends to stick to your ass pun intended .
agh man yu kno same ol shit just a diff day
hey you know what ? fuck off
i bet u don 't be talkin bout shit on tumblr lol
look im mad becuz u sad shit that was uncalled for an u kno i do not lik that shit
second fucking time this professors made fun of me in class
damn you dont like em that much
i just told ur ass tomar
hey , remember how april wouldn 't tell you she loved you ever , what a bitch !
no he 's a bitch so he is too scared to hurt anyone
i hope i forget about this shit tomorrow
busy signal got some shit
u might be right about that cuz shit always come out wrong lls
* surprised * i 'd have choked a bitch at this point if someone treated me like that .
lol ! wtf get your scared ass back here before own your ass !
ctfu i 'm bout to tell this bitch send me some pics lol
ana ! ! ! i freakin ' miss youu & & stupid people
get yer asses to bed ! ! !
i wanna fuck her just cause of her rudeness lol
foo i cant sleep ferr shit - _ - & your lights went on again
midnight ? where the fuck are people going at this hour ?
lol why the fuck he ain 't hit that one ?
21 and 21 , big ass titties
lol i know i fucked up i 'm so so so sowwy .
lol , what you mean you fucked up
look at the pics ol attack of the 88 foot woman ass
what the hell is your problem ? ! i 'm worries about you and you are being a bitch !
u fuckin wit cougar lil party tonight ? ?
u better take ya lil body ass to sleep
if i had my ass in my twitcon i 'd have 69 mil followers too lol
lol why i gotta be a fuck face tho
adam is a fuck up beyond belief ! !
barged my fucking way in and laid the smacketh down
and i have more followers ahahaha bitch xd
the car wash be fun as shit ! lol
check this video out - - bugatti bitches
global rec my ass auspol parochial
now bitches wan fight - _ - fuck is going on doeee ?
you do not look like no damn drunk
- moans pressing my face into the pillow to muffle it somewhat - oh fuck .
i feel like mind fucking lola
holy shit ! who is that footballer attached to those teeth ? suarez
he 'll yea and ol girl farted on doom dick while he was dancing
shit then i have a d .
man i fucking love yall models
"i 'm just glad my phone doesn 't autocorrect my "" fucks "" to "" ducks """
you don 't fuck with me or something like that
im finna tweet myy ass off witt his lyrics
but then that would fuck my coworker over
"ooooh yeah going to rock in my "" i punched a werewolf , bad ass "" tee lol"
fuck you went to the concert ? and yeah her
aaron craft can go suck a dick
ill try and tweet some stupid shit cause i leave for two whole days .
he be talkin all shit lol
surgeons are bastards but they are shit - hot at their jobs
then u gota beat goro ugly ass
i 'm surprised you didn 't ride into ht on a donkey or some shit .
ass so i stopped lmfao ! i think the song is pretty bad too compared with his
are you or are you just telling me that so i get off yo dick about it ? o
hell yeah they couldn 't fuck with us
and ill miss you as much as ill miss the shit weather .
"i 've not heard you "" bitch freely "" today"
lol shutup i don 't wanna message yu after yu was mean to my ass lastnite
its wayyy too early for the loser shit on my timeline
who think i sud grow so dreads so i can swing them bitches lol
* looks up * * instantly disgusted * actually i did you ungrateful bitch
shit ! now i have to also
where fuck do i find a female hitmen ?
boy please don get yo feelins hurt on twitter u can keep that shit pushin i 'm teammarried
my roomate is a pain in my ass and my ears .
if somebody talk shit about my heat losing i 'm flamming your azz
although she is a cunt , as if she cant tell her kids to be quiet
rt pizza papalis is fucking disgusting - i thought i was the only one !
they got some pussy ass haters in the world
my bitch maggie q from nikita is in it too .
you told me you had a girl and shit , where shordy at yo
omg ! ! ! that was some funny shit ! ! ! miss raissa is out of her fucking mind
i subtweeted the shit out of your absence yo .
anything is better than being a boring ass class .
ff because he strongly believes usher is turning out justin beiber 's ass just as much as i believe
"i just now peeped "" let the drummer get wicked "" but damn its is hot"
heather is passed the fuck out
wowwww are you fucking serious ? lmfao
hahaha go to hell naro ! ! with your ass
okay imma fuck with it , and do you still fuck with spitta and wiz ?
both if yall barely could walk down the street and shit
watchin some shit on tv thats making me hungry as fuck lmao
what you need is some good dick lol
shut up ! its really hot as fuck outside and i just came all the way frm erie .
oh shit eddie izzard is on tonight i forgot !
no boy , she just was tlkn & & shit
that 's the last time i 'm nice to you you premenstral cunt .
that 's dead and you dnt gotta be a bitch for that lls
bro if you don 't get on that piece of ass
not to mention jessica alba 's sweet ass in those panties
i need some dick in ma life
i 'll kick your british ass !
ummmm ? wash that shit and flat iron it then !
ctfu thats why you got a new step mom so she can help take care of ya ungrateful ass
understand how i still fuck them up
i dont mind being an aunt again but shes fuckin 78 ughhh so disappointing
shit might be unlimited but imma put a limit on ya ass .
that my friend , was fucking witty as shit
lol dont look a gift pussy in the mouth
i 'm in deep shit bro
sake of fighting is just idiocy though
oh my fucking god ! he 's so freaking cute
cause , i say damn , & fuck some times pp
fuck knows , like a month + aye , haha !
make urself useful and tell lily to get the fuck down heree
where the fuck has been ? fuck you at otherbrain ? ?
you get on my damn nerves smh !
eh ? she is a retard i would give anything to go back to primary school
yu should have ! qt kennedie tweeted some real shit
this heat is fuck - ing ri - dic - u - lous bringbacktherain orsnow
i 'm gonna beat my brother ass if he doesn 't follow back !
shit aint attractive rt i hate when bitches type like this - - - > ii feel ghud .
i cant - _ _ _ _ _ - i fucking hate damon
whatever i will curse u out when i sober up but a great big fuck you for the day .
lmaoooo i knew what u meant , that was just me being a smart ass teeheee
i missed your sexy ass too * pinches your bum * d
im so fucking mad though ,
run & bitch out the culprit
screw torrence hoe ass ill buy us ice cream !
""" fuck her "" see u soon am going to study"
what shit do i put up with ? i see no such shit ! d
omg i thought i felt someones dick in my bed lmfao
invite someone chill as shit with a whippp ?
haa ! ikr ! l scary shit !
its funny ' and in reply to your ' oshh josh shit ' tweet
imma let you talk your shit
"don 't call me pathetic when you are the one who said olly was "" shit """
"sometimes i just sit here on twitter thinking "" bitch i aint stupid ! "" xd"
lmao ! ! ! ! ! thats a damn shame
oh shit jus seen it lol ! what a prick
fuck you rt just mopped this bum in words with friends
we aint havin sex so calm the fuck down
my summer been wild cant wait to tell u bout dat shit
why the fuck is this fucking train being held up at kalamasserry ? ?
but we do have fun block parties n shit ! !
there 's a boy n my class that smell like strate ass & the teacher wonder y im failin
that bitch ! lol joe is tryin to make me go downtown but im still sick as efff .
im in one big room full of bad bitches
and when he wouldn 't befriend chloe moretz i became fucking enraged ! hot girl is being nice
and i spelled it right deformed dick brain
if my mother takes another fuckin bath today ima snap
oh ion want yo damn popsicle
i rlly wanna say some shit but imma keep it to myself ! ! ! ! !
yap i got a lot 11 say & ain 't nobody gone do shit
great that we only start playing with 88 mins left ! the service into the box was shit
on a scale of 12 to fucking awesome , how was it ?
rt thank u gab > dumb ass she was agreeing with me ! ! !
"mom would be like "" fuck it , let 's have pancakes for dinner ."
fuck you and dione ' my mother wasnt here & you got my permission slip
really ? cus i 'm a fucking beast on that game o
seriously who that fuck does think she is ? listen bitch , no one fucking likes you
hold the mother fuckin phones
lol shit i didn 't even know they was coming they called my mama
holy shit dude was channeling michael jackson and
fuck 47 th hour , i 'm chillin in the hall
bitch was so mad lmfao ! ! smh
holy shit i think i 'm going to see prince ! ! ! !
rt this shit is just funny
it 's pretty much everywhere but then paranoia kicks in ! ha ! scary shit tbh
you will fucking love it .
u want to tackle na then come on show me what u got bastard .
you aint fucking with me on the movie qoutes daddy ! ! lol
if you watch it - rather than looking away - it is actually great timing of a shit effect
nah this shit is prime
stay inside then bad ass !
mine will scare your ass off .
over here bout to damn burn up ugh ! ! !
i kno right i would to see ya lil ass poppin in the club lmao
shut your angry ass up
maybe this nigga will catch the hint now , i 'm tossing ' em as hard as i can !
but witout him dey aint shit bruh rela talk .
people like her are so fucking getting on my nervs
you and dan are on fucking point tonight
fuck wrong with her ton lol
get this shit right dav
bust dat pussy open den i tell her bring it back
today i will say goodbye to my dear bb bold and welcome d new bitch in my life
i should start acting like a bitch then
when i start gettin dm 's about shit u said , it stops !
that shit was so funny
i 'm teachin ' him to play with his voice , do good vocals ' n shit .
bout to watch insidious and i 'm super scared in this bitch ! ! !
how the fuck that happen ?
girl i don 't understand it ! just don 't say shit !
o _ _ _ _ _ _ _ - o i 'm retarded
naw david ain 't with that bull shit
oh shit ! we freak when we run out in this house
i mean yeah im slick pissed but im not gonna force you to talk about the shit .
that 's what i 'm saying pussy , and don 't call me that shitttt
am i really gonna be riding solo for harry potter tonight ? ? that 's so fucked up .
o shit ! that school pops ! anyway
well shit if it money in their that 's where i need to be ! !
yes all you need is a shoutout that shit works !
i wanna know how to play with my fucking foot .
yu playn ths unfollow game nd shit .
lol look like fuckin claws on their eye but what 's really sad they think they fly lol
lol dont tweet me shit aint sweet still want my fair one lmao
its 66 am , why the fuck i 'm still awake i have no idea
never , i 'm just a broke ass p
harry potter books are toooooo fuckin ' long
you just made my fucking day lmao
oh fuck yea we get out hella early tommarow dddd
pussy ! where tf you at !
yep , rupert grint is fucking hot
bettter hurryy uppp ! ! im lighten shit up !
hey man all asshole aside for a min congrats on the shit with bizarre
you miss my roscoe dick in your mouth !
omg hall pass is so fucking funny !
if i good priiice , you put pussy magnet ?
but yo i was dead ass when i asked if tony sunshine got a twitter
i 'm 15 and still act like a fucking 15 yo lol
no the fuck its not !
hahahah seriously i only answered like 54 questions & its only 54 lines , so fucking over analysing sources
of course wtf thats not fucking question i would rather see game instead of boo boo krit
d i meant gig ! ! ! ! did i say book signing ? shit .
shit , but you couldn 't do the same .
celebrate the fact that everyone 's plans have been royally fucked ? okay then .
i mention yur ass all the time , yu can never say im fake ever again mister
i already gotta go through this shit during the fall
i don 't like politicians kissing ass at any time , be they the best or worst of times .
yea yea i know i dig that true shit
i boring ass biology dry ass class
shit washing machine has driven me to shit wine
fucking hell ! i thought i was desperate
oh shit , you remind me that i have to download visitor q
he creates a shit load of hate and drama on twitter by hating people like one direction
he changed ! okay ! he did , we all know it ! so please shut the fuck up !
my ass is on the internet for the moment
oh shit , 92 , 92 tweets ? i think i have an addiction
not guilty on all counts get over the fuckery bitch !
ole assertive ass lol , but you easy on the eyes tho * shrugs *
loooooooool you bitch ! huhh your seeing me tomorrow
asking alexandria is trending ? no fucking thanks
she was on there doin da most singin some old ass song frm like 21 joe lmaoo
i didn 't check my notifications smart ass lol
them newniggas could learn something from beans rt you like that philly shit
u need a lot ! ! shit u wouldn 't
imma keep all of dem fuck it !
let 's get some comments on this video show the haters they ain 't shit
lol stay my ass in the house nothing major & u ?
do skinny bitches run shit too
that shit 72 flyers for 72 dollars
and now they 've shit in my ears .
omg nine days till i dip canada fuck yes .
haha , yeah but now if i say that you 'll be ' sarcastic bitch ! ' p x
i love sylvia she be my main bitch < 95
if she lies on my dick i 'm the man ! lol
yeah this has happened like 10 times bitch - _ _ _ - smd
dawggg its hot as fuck .
when you see me up there pressing that button multiple times just keep walking like you dont see shit hahaha
what you 're working 49 hours ? i work 49 hours , shut yo ' shit
i always have the funniest convos with ! she talk a whole lotta shit doe
i 'm not cocky , i just love myself , bitch .
omg your dms when you wake up i am fucking shaking .
the west live for that shit
i only fucks with a good 80 % of them .
i told him to fuck off
how 're you and your sexy ass doing ?
"you love me shut the fuck up """
everyone should do ther shit wen they get it then haha
i can breathe freely ! ! fuck i need a shower !
i 'm feeeeenin for that shit on sone jodeci like shit lol
gator don 't play no shit !
fuck it going to lay down and look at my ceiling until i fall asleep lol
holy shit ! all we got as a cards sth was 53 % off at the team store
aside from a questionable epilogue casting , fucking exceptional ! ! loved every second ! !
i 'm tooo weak from that tweet about hard ball with yo ass hell yeahing .
, oop ctfu but ew i fuckin hate the zoo .
why don 't u just a owl like harry potter that shit is free and u can get unlimited text
my teddy has stole my wine n paper ! dick
hahaha that was so funny ! major lick ass alerttopstalker
crying phone please turn the fuck back on please i need you , please turn back on
lol i took no parts , but that shit was a trend up here back in the day .
oh shit rm is playing ? oh well .
he can 't get to you all ! fuck .
i 've had a buncha shit going on but i 'll have it done im about to do it
we do what we want ' - no you fucking don 't
and that shit is sad .
i told my dad you can 't fuck with her no more !
fuck , it sucks not having live
but i fuck w boosie but like webbie way more !
rt amber rose is easily one of the most overrated bitches of all time .
get that ass up and get to work lol
i forgot my wallet so im just eatin chips and shit
"rt "" why the fuck is it so hard to find tacos in slidell "" - - - tacobell ?"
okay my bunny fucked up , but if you turn your attention to bbm .
some not all are just trying shit out .
he be suckering my mom tho , i ain goin , he weigh more than me
speaking of insomnia , did my story totally suck ass ? haha .
facebook god damn facebook is shit - twitter is where the party is at -
laying in my bed , watching this corny ass play
swear ima knocc that pussy out the frame biiitch
alright if dese three mutha fuckas got weed prescriptions , how dat fuck do i get one
raging for a mc - fucking - griddle
i 'm getting tipsy already , i might fuck around and fall asleep
they 'll be a bitch to store though
that shit is lowkey amazing that he 's able to walk still
naw , you know i fucks with all types of music
pussys i tell ya ! they don 't have your back maaan
lol damn they fallin in love again and shyt huh lol
too easy to fuck with me , so she doesn 't bother
i really just couldn 't give a shit about anything or anyone l i try not to anyway xx
i don 't like fake bitches blood .
fuck yeah ! ! did you check out the them crooked vultures album ? fucking amazing record
imma have to just do this shit on my own .
the shit he said just don 't make no sense what so ever !
rt what the fuck seabrook ? take some smelling salts !
ugghh bitch ! ! u knw why the hell im mad
man fuck that shit ! ! ! ! still letting my phone ring
lol greedy ass , but im listenin to music right now so im jus relaxinnnn
im about to be tatted the fuck up .
this shit got me scared to get off my bed and go to the kitchen
bro , don 't be surprised , they sneaky as fuck ! ! !
""" < - - - imma need ur ass to come back lol"
that 's new shit , you wasn 't like that .
fuck and i gotta work in the am ! ! !
ill see what i can du but with that shit on yo background bro idk
but tami is that down ass bitch i just have to roll wit ! !
yeah , full flexi - not this core time shit
idk , i haven 't been outside & i 'll prolli end up doin the same shit i always do
fuck can 't go to the rugby fest
study yo ass ass off .
fuck you u seen everything humf !
haha oh shit its gonna go down ! does the other team get to play with a coach too ?
what stupid bitches ? ? is their a problem ? ?
nope its the players , words dnt mean shit .
oh yeah it looks pretty shit on my phone too
im soooo fucking over the moon ! i wana squeeze sive rite now ! ! ! ' d
excuse me my protege i wasn 't the one who made a damn hot text sex story - xx
her ass might not be able to leave the city lolol
there 's a lady who 's atleast 66 years old dressed up for this shit - _ _ -
hahaha fuck , what a par !
the athletes foot and hi level fashions fucks wit g unit from the get go
haha that shit is brewed in mammoth mountain snow thats why it tastes like nature haha
also how the fuck do i turn off this shitty trending bar ?
* sqeauks * holy shit ! i mean holy chocolate ! you moved !
that just tells u he rather see u fail that 's when u get ghost on that ass lol
this bitch make breakfast today
u maybe excused lol u aint know i was that along with a line of other shit lol
holey fuck you actually replied lol , i miss you ! what is your basses doing tomorrow lb ?
this is what you will become soon from this wow shit
why would we even want to see his wedding ? i don 't give a fuck
I dont care"
shit that 's what my daddy shmoked lol
what the fuck went on on hms astute today ? !
fukkety fuck exactly how tall are you ? in feet
big birthday s o to my nigga
my website is soo shit < < what did u used to use ?
right she fucked someone like two days ago and vinny didnt cockblock lol
gess what my gun app went off in walmart smh it was the most funniest shit ever
this shit is the fuck drawn , i 'm not climbin threw this window
got a bomb ass plan for &
you mean that 's what i 'm gonna see in may holy fuck that shit is incredible ! !
who is that ? ? what a nasty piece of shit ! ! are you ok luv ? ? xx
fuck sca i played one tourny wit them nvr went back coacg kelly irritate me
next time you want to talk shit about everyone in your life , make sure im not home
you know you just thought about that shit too
lol i say whatevea the fuck i want
yo ma cuzzin hid the fuck out the keys yo
my ass hasn 't hurt this bad since the time and i went camping .
it 's hard to live in a community with no fuckin unity boosie
better annoy the shit out of lexington like sumter did to us !
really , im a fat bitch ? totally
i never understood what the fuck that thing was .
aw fuck better turn the , back since
you tweeted me , so im replying you thick cunt !
get me the fuck outta here .
damn you still up and aint sayin shit to me smh
, i 'm in love with the fucking perfect video .
haha and shit , lol but i 'm tall so they r even shorter p
"well shit boo don 't generalize it o "" all dudes in cleveland """
least he aint get in his feelins like wow wow bitch ass
shit i need a new word to use now
if u don 't wanna talk to me then fucking tell me so
who the fuck is tom schieffer ? should i know this ? am i demonstrating my ignorance ?
nah man , everything just went to shit like always .
and uh care to help me with fucking english ? ! i 'm screwed .
rt damn ! dis b * * * h is here again !
you got that shit stuck in my head lmao
nathan , lock your bitch back up in her cage please were she belongs ?
oh shit you can jam to them at home with me if ya want
be sure to keep your christian ass off the socialized roads and out from behind the socialized military .
fuck i 'm not even going to upload it , it 's embarrassing
friday can fuck right off .
me too im tired as fuck < 87
no ! you have to download shit and my mom will get mad for doing it on her computer .
i 'm just saying i 'm 57 lad back for the bullshit but i 'm far from a lil bitch
yes i messed that ! but shit it really doesnt matter huh .
i did some grimme shit to some girls
hell naw i think he stuck lil fat ass lol
good ! takin care of the kids nd shit
there should be a list made of shit u shouldn 't ask over the phone
not one where you want to squeeze half the youths fucking population next to other half - -
shit i don 't remember on of the blondest ones tho
i wanna see u bitches tonight
yo , did you listen to that beat ? the french shit ?
big - ass burrito or big ass - burrito ?
but if they stayed to party , then fuck yeah .
shit i just might make that move lol idk man if this shit keep up o
sin cara , rhodes , bryan , christian , and orton have kick ass matches .
i just gt it yesterday you pussy
damn i forgot about that but shit yall could damn near make a video for every track
i think they just added more programming but i couldnt get with that plain weather shit
burned my back up with that shit .
i like that black shit .
good food and blonde bitches
channel 25 is just shit .
im tryin get netflix on my shit
lmao well my ass is not on american tv yet
now i 'm pissed off , who the hell took my fucking bluetack ? !
i see you have life fucked up
what the fuck do you want lopez !
are you excited for tomorrow ? ! because & i are fucking stoked .
rihanna is definitely looking extremely fuckable .
rt all fun and games are over when this bitch get home
i don 't want to go ! fucking anatomy test
its fake niggas errwhere dnt think its just yawl ckity
dnt fuck widd my fam .
the fuck ? why would i leave my sister ?
i love you too , so fucking much ! ! ! !
had a dope ass caballero ii tho
* rolls eyes * i stills fucks witchu doee ' its funny how u knew i was talkin bout her
thats great advice lol , good looks i 'm going to stop caring that i dont give a fuck
fuck that ! ! ! i will send you all the cereal you want ! > d
apparently my ipod likes me rting random shit
then how the hell are my big ass sheets dry but not my small ass pillowcases
ohh that punk ass bck lol
what ? who was evil bitch aka nightmare lawsuit hada begging a follow from this time ?
shit can 't spit even if she wanted to
when am i seeing your asian ass
my 18 18 wish never comes true fuck this
shit crazy out here e , lol yo im just tring to b me .
yeah the one i took fucked me up as well lmao
no shit ! ! rolls eyesyes i want to
shit i 'm starving can i come over ? !
what ? ? ! ! ! ! tracey is getting out of jail ? ? ? ? fuck me
you 're the one who 's stupid .
that 's dumb ass hell , cause then people wouldn 't have more followers than they following .
ion wanna hear that shit !
sucks but mine has trouble rendering long shit for some reason ,
my phone off and my car just done basically thesame shit define 's car did
sexy as fuck of course
that 's when i unfollow they ass .
u talkin bout the scores n shit ?
dear rachel , please stop being a bitch
no , that 's shit spanish food
cause my gas is low as fuck and i still feel like shit
i think a female teacher is way more worst than a male one
fuck this school ! and and i don 't need school
cause you 're a fuckin coward .
i don 't know if you 're serious or trying to make me feel like a dumb ass .
he was nice in college ! but shit u the same nigga that said tiger was gon win the masters
sup gurl it 's been shit haven 't done a n y t h i n g
i shit you not here - i 'm addicted to this gift of god .
grins over at you and shrugs hey , i can only fucking work with what you got out there
i am number four ' was a good ass movie
bitch to all the students
don 't think so ! should think about it , i 'm fucking excited for ataris d
half hour later and its still there ' fucken lazy ass ' !
thankies rt i love your avi you look a fucking mazing
lol nigga you better respect yo elders tho
fuck it ! ! ! i 'm still gon stay here and get paid ! ! ! beatthesystem
shit jus out here tryna make it !
yup ! them bitches sold out now tho
eww i hate danielle but i like dick pause
naaa but da shit is dumbbb good tho
bitch you was suppose to be sleep
lmao i 'm in sucky ass class
how the fuck did i stand out ? d
if offers my dave sweets one more time that bitch is gonna get beat up
i might just turn fucking straight
mentally scarred for life by those cockroach swarmed shit holes .
hahha ! i was notttt fucked up ! you were !
yeah its cocaine daay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my computers fucking up .
aha i want it heaps but i 'm stuck with a fucking windows s it just randomly freezes .
got a lucky ass text
stop being a inconsiderate cunt ! thank you oh p
sausage sarnies for breakfast , fucking great
rt dis simple bitch over here think he a fuckin businessman < - - - weak ! ! !
im fucking hyper ! ! ! ! ! * rolls on you *
i don 't wanna look at shit else related to nursing until after spring break ! ha !
got damnn bitch can u just leave
who drinks to just to go home ? yall just ass backwards thats all .
shit nothin jus chillin til my game you ?
see sis some shit shouldn 't be said like um what did you just say lol
granddaughter the same shit is going on over here
congradjewlations ! i 'm followin yoo ass finally
i hate when people avoid shit especially when its serious
shit chilling watching sportscenter tired as fuck what you up to
holy shit so do i ! !
no wonder i wasnt hearing shit my phone was 10 notch from silent
she did some shit on the internet , i guess
aw stop playin wit 93 b4 she beat yo ass lol
she was a bitch so i was a bitch right back
lmfao ! ! ! it happened and my friends were too embarrassed to record that shit
i never fucking wanted this .
ohhhhh ight tell her bring her sister n shit
u was just on some weird shit two weeks ago
it 's bullshit , but the truth , deal with it
have a shit or something , thats always enjoyable .
that shit was burning my lip before i drunk it
lol shut the fuck up .
and i was not fucking cooking loo
just warning you know ucas is a bitch
lols we gunaa do it soon kuss im thinking about new years and that was a fun ass night lols
"bmc boyz - essential needs np "" - that 's my shit"
i got you with the ally no doubt lol ima play like shit again cause i can 't sleep
* begins sprinting through the crowd of people * shit shit shit .
she didnt aske for shit
lol fuck her ! we needa be cool again !
you have plans tomorrow you fuck .
im with a spanish bitch , if she aint fucking adios !
come get me then since your about to run away and shit lmao
what 's up with this twitter shit ? this shit is so wack sometimes ! lol
parked next to a red corvette so people don 't immediately notice the shit car i have .
she tryna fuck everybody ex 's
but some just ruined my whole fuckin night
what ? ? don 't be a bitch
im up here sending boring ass emails so i can make some exciting ass money lol
what the fuck is this ? ! ' lol
im bout to make a s0ng with dat nigga and my boy
we all know a draw is shit at this stage of the season !
i 'll miss you too baby , so fucking much
it 's really gone to shit
you 're a babe , fuck the bitches , they just jelly ! xx
you know damn well im not in school lol
that shit looks expensive as fuck
hell you is to thtd why i fucks with you ! lol
i miss you like a fat bitch gon miss churches 35 piece tuesday deal
thank god i was going in on this bitch u tweeting me is saving her lol
but i might fuck around n end up w another one lol
shit got outta hand tonight haha
losing him to a twitter hoe would be a bitch
that shit irritates me with a passion lol
well , retard , you are ' stooping to my level ' by tweeting me , dumbass .
that 's retarded i would die if i tweeted you back not if i didn 't
no u just talk a lot of shit about me and i 've had enough
b officialy mine bra ima put dat bitch on worldstar 15 wat u thankk ?
we already kno ur gonna look , just donr be so obvious ! ! ! ! shit , my
i still don 't get how the fuck noone noticed that .
i thought she 'd bitch slap me to be honest .
they had bad sex the first time they had sex
""" not my daughter , you bitch ! "" < 39 i do love her !"
holy shit what nooooo i haven 't !
same shit except getn rdy for wrk as usual & making breakfast for the hubby
yes ! im in fuckin pain
you best beast on dat shit
plaster ? ! shit la i feel like eating now rt eating roti prata again
rt if you mad then be mad
it wasn 't abandonment ! and i haven 't been able to draw shit
dance ? lol that shit makes me gag
shit with my friends and not being able to trust them and them going behind my back etc etc
but u sittin there sayin who 's ass u gona beat
damn that hurt me soul i was about to get souped lol
bitch , bastard i know it .
chillin looking around n shit lol
"she was on them for fucking hours yelling "" i love it"
shit i been aight i guess hbu
lls no bitch it was pinned up ! thankkkk youuuu
lmao i suck with that shit dammit dont judge me
you really been on that wrestling shit again huh ? haha
our island could be anywhere i don 't give a fuck i just want as my president
aww little shit , she def needs the break
use a glass of water and drink it you tubby shit
lol cas & looks are very deceiving - p , i may be little but shit
"in my house we refer to it as the "" fucking mcas ."
omg , audition at 40 of mac ? shit .
omg , he so fucking fine ! oh la la , lmao .
now why tf did you go see that shit ? !
very welcomee keep up the goodwork fuck the haters ! < 79
will bite ya back in the ass ! ! whats ur name sweetie , im anne - marie
the fuck are you goin on about
i tired of that shit , nd u show that first hand
lmfaoooo kiss my ass i was just trying to correct ur bad grammer ass
fuck it ! i guess i am -
ooo shit lmfaooo how is he
i mean it ain 't a bad class , jus make sure u find somebody u fuck wit n here
just because they 're not some shitty indie band no one has heard of , you don 't like them
i 'll kick you out and replace you !
blackthoughts2 is tha shit hands down !
shit i 'm sumn lik tht too
lol we got a makaveli twist for yall ass
the hair blends real well shit bouta be fye ! lol
what are you saying ? i cannot understand a fucking thing .
ooo bitch ! i have a very pretty head and face thank you very much -
but i sure love working with a bitch of a hangover
keep ya shit up you on ya grid fuck what tha haters be sayin
yeah i know argh vj 's such a bitch when it comes to lesson hours 83
lmfao ! ! yo that shit was priceless hahahahaha
fuck yes ! i own the dvd and peeped it when it was on bbc hahaha !
thanks bitch , love you ! ! ! xx
all my bitches love me all my bitches love me you aint fuckin with my dougie
rt yeah you gone be 53 nd | y 'all email me that shit too lol i wanna hear it
hah no fucking way , i 'd be out of a job if it was
oh crap its 6 pm
yeahhh right husband you always fuckin me up wen i 'm at work pay back < 29
bitch u look like a fart low budget troy polamalu lookin ass nigga
busy as shit , not on twitter
""" i 'm drunk as shit , i 'm soooo hammered dude "" ?"
grabs handfull of popcorn and thros at my bitches ! ha
just played a boring ass game
maybe she is , but im done with this shit
i work with youth and just went ape shit when one of them played caillou on their phone
so i get to be the fucked up sister ? ! lol , cheers ! '
well damn ! i like it
so imma end this with a fuck u and have a nice day lol
damn that fucked up and he moved
i think this post and comment shit fight could do with your opinion
awww shit we down 28
_ smh well get on that and get ur ass off twitter !
i dey use my crappy ass cell so i go check the link later
when people think too much they start sayin dumb shit even if you the smartest person on earth .
get yo shit together , my shit been together lol
it it was hot bitches !
ima be mad ass hell if it do !
xd right ? * sticks tongue out * pussy
lmaoo nigga how the fuck u find this shit ? ? ? ?
had a dream i fucked chris brown in an elevator
i know she must look like a gremlin
lol tru shit , n same thing really ova here , my eyes is getting jy heavy nshit lol
pffft buy new and fuck the car you 'll be in london living zone 23 lol
gotta make that money tho ! so fuck it
its something like aisha or some shit
nothing worse than unreliable dick
i just knew ur ass was on here lol this shit funny
yes yes and fuck yes
what are you doing 47 night bitch
no and if u and keegan dont go in fucking dms
but when people die its just like bitch you deserved and then
always saying we sucked and shit and then we won p
gone head with ur bad ass .
fuck yes ! now we need a guitarist a bass guitar and a rythem guitar xd < 41
bitch back off saying i need to get laid , old smelly vagina
females must know that we on point soo accurate wit dis shit
i got a grunt ! ! ! ! he 's a right lazy ass xx
now thats permanent protection for yo ass !
bleh , we fight a fucking lot .
i remember seeing you whoop ass at cagefest
actually got more girls then you that is a problem ! that shit aint tight
you 're so fucked up that you won 't even remember this conversation tomorrow , anyway
yeah he will the fucking bastard .
"i got something you can drink - d "" - - nasty ass"
remember i called this when they were winning ? such a joke , this team is soooooooo shitty .
fuck u i 'm jealous i wish i knew what school im going to
gotta be up at fucking 74 my life is so hard
he was so fucking rude ,
neon trees ? i wanty see one ? koko sounds shit s but aye i know ! ! !
man that bitch so cold .
i wanna be there for the world famous bitch slap contest
lmfao damn u a bad ass fran almost made my ass stay home
when he started with that rockstar shit , he fell off
new shit coming ! thanks tho
u think we going to sit in the house ? ? ? fuck ass no lol
blackberrys are shit ? wal ! your slackin with an iphone there shit hahahaha and you know me now aha
shit wat u tryna do smoke sum
i ant fuckin wid that twitter shit im bizzy getin money girl
- well you kept publically saying how much you want to fuck him so
girl nothing tweeting my lil ass off
yessir n u know how my shit smells bc u smelled it before haha
and jamaar gettin on my fuckin nerve
your black bitch , get over it lol
hahah that shit is funny , crafy young man you are
i like skinny tops & unbuttoned cover - all shirts that can deal with ass & belly also
rt bitches still get micro braids ?
lmao i dont say shit and laugh at her ass lls
"hard head make a soft ass "" i never understood that saying"
i 'm not okay , i 'm not okay , im not oh - fucking kay .
no noo nooo , you dobt wanna fuck with it .
bad romance is my shit .
aye a forgot castlemilks in paddy land haha he 's shit anyway
- yo bitch ! how 's the head ? ? -
i feel as though i wanna go smash my head against a wall not even joking
shit is even more complicated .
i was thinkin the same shit
shit ill jus hit up on the weekends im home then
i 'm a bitch with commitment issues and a general distrust of males ! we can be alone
which means i 'm gettin fucked up .
even tho wack ass people played him out
im not going to do it to neither of yal cause i fuck with you .
if yu dont fuck wit ex factor i have no words for yu
her middle name is ' late ' lol rt i bet ass won 't make it on time loll .
"lol i call pussy "" snatch "" and you aint gettin none lol"
hmpphh ! good shit kid , well played
all the freshman this year can suuuuck my dick ! they 're dumb
liverpool will always be the same old shit , just different faces
it 's a drinking in the afternoon kind of rainy ass day fact
fucking no one is gonna go out with a suicidal bitch .
* walks in the house * fuck this neighborhood .
& funniest shit he chased around the whole block cause he thought we were thief & shit .
i dont really fuck w him like that
lol , that was a funny ass conversation .
lol naww i showed them my chin hairs and he smacked my ass
where do this bald headed bitch know me from ? ? ? ?
hey behind every great woman , is a guy looking at her ass jamjam
my hair is super longgg o it touches my ass
not having a job sucks more than a hooker with a bag of dicks .
ya lil ass get a latte every morning , sheesh lol
tell him they r only as sexy as d fab woman takin care of there ass 's hee hee hee
i jus know when i wake up ima be fucked !
yo my ass hurts , niggas fell mad hard last night how did you not laugh
i think we were all just really fucked up last night
so they gonna play the same ass s l thats ridiculous
some other girls are just fucking fake
why you ain 't say shit a year ago
are you serious ! lmfao you started that shit ! with yo apple sauce slurpn ass lmao
we 're shit people as a whole uh oh
my name 's no longer nor but becoz i 'm a free bitch , babe ! !
swear , the one day i don 't walk with and this shit happens !
hey ! did i appear fucked up saturday ?
ion get on that bullshit .
why ? b c she just got me a muh 'fucking room
good kuz that shit is dumb af !
anderson cooper said he contacted beyawnce mooriah & usher old ass & they never responded
they should fuck themseleves if thats possible and then due
that nicca popping questions n shit now
lmfaooo , its this nigga fault ! i was reading everybody lyrics
leafs and habs fans unite rt fuck the canucks .
< - _ - everybody unfollow her ass
whts wrong wit ya big ass phne lml ! rt i jst tweeted the same thang bout 90 times
aw fuck off , some people are actually so pathetic that it makes my skin crawl
ahahahaha that 's funny u ain 't shit jk
what yu on twitter talkin shit for
i just called yo trick ass
lol word dats wussup fam and kickin shit really just got back from da a ah couple weeks ago
ooooh , cool - , and may i ask why your ass hurts ? x
my phone just almost died on , i did like some ninja shit to get to the other phone
i fucking hate california and everyone in it ! ! ! ! i fucking love la
naw the industy got em fucked up
rt rt weneedacurefor broken hearts loool nigga probably cries during sex .
that 's what i mean when i say ' ' whatever ' ' lol especially to a nigga lol
& this bitch was in karate ? the fuck
it looks nice , not all that fun to me , ill take halo over gears all fuckin day
idk l , what ever fuck it .
ayy ! i fucking hate being a girl .
rt rt niggas be pussy whipped over the ugly joints .
wateva shay we not goin to never be together cause you be on that dumb stupied shit
i 'd have on my ass along w
dat nigga tall aint he lol
wad the shit ? u r working at united sq ?
headphones on , dusting the shit out of the place then ?
i was just fuckin wit cha .
bc your cheap ass phone couldn 't sustain a little water damage .
"lmaoooo now see if i was to come right now you 'd be like "" oh shit "" lol"
yess ! all of my friends are fucking haters
noboooddyyy lol im jus fuckin wytcha broham
i fucks wit rewind too , nobody ever rapped a song in reverse
im boutta start buyin all old shit
he brolic for a reason to protect my ass not beat my ass - lmao .
gutted there 's no pics of me losing my shit at letlive last night .
yep ! wish i could take that shit back tho ! !
"lmfoalfmao , don 't even try to pull the "" y u no "" shit on me , bro p"
fuck you i want a brother lls
i do nt think they care cause bitches be in the side door anyway
y 'all subtweeting asses funny af !
twitter made me unfollow , fuck that
and that 's how you let the beat build bitch !
yeah it was besides me bussin my ass .
obviously i want to talk about the shit
skin 'll be dry as shit
this piece of shit already is frozen
you will have fucking beef in a minute p x
who did ? and don 't say your high yellow ass did
lol what a fucking flavor combo !
today is the official 35 st day of spring bitches
i agree with that nothing like the feelin of gettin a load blown up ur ass
yeah ! well i hate that girl she 's a fucking whore ! >
it 's supposed to be shut the fuck up , bitch .
on some john hughes shit .
shit is better than most computer programs
m how u what today heard the ride fucked up
these guys wanna keep shit a mystery like it 's fucking amusing
shit was in the tunnel jawn when we were walkin back to the car
if i ain 't doing shit , i get bored .
my ride is a white lesbian named becky lol and were picking up 36 other bitches
fuck that shidd , idagf anymore , being nice gets me nowhere fuck your feelings .
damn so u packed in that bitch wit abuncha chanks lookin like 20 th street store everywhere
my ass hurts now is all
fuck a tl lets add to the convo lmao
i hate curly ass ! ! at least i 'm black ! hahaha
stuffed my fat ass with food
thank you ! rt wow ! ! congrats ! ! ! kickin ass on idol and itunes ! onthefloor
word ! who the fuck they think they is ?
hahah and once i get up from that powerbomb im gonna fuckin big boot yo sweet ass
but it 's wrong for me to fuck ? smh lol
mum always fucks things up .
that just blew my mind ! cant stand that bitch !
celtic lick irish ass like we lick english ass
""" never put me in ya box if ya shit eats tapes """
it worked but it 's talkin bout some other shit i ain 't fuckin wit it so fuck it
she must not know ill tear her another asshole .
he phoney as hell ! lol
yea people finna be dmin trash talkin me and shit now hatin
you don 't even really be talkin bout shit so why should i follow u ?
and he 's an ass hole !
cause its the fuckin truth ! very underrated .
were his ears always this enormous ? sheen looks like shit
n ross talks about things ? ? rt jeezy shit don 't even make sense half da time lol
got some shit for the home gotti also .
i 'll block for you , you know haha beastmode & shit hhs
oh pshyeah ! indianapolis ! suck it bitch ! indiana rules ! !
oh my profile pic fuckin sexy ?
damn sure use to fuck wit him the long way wit da wiz
lmfao , he is too grown for his shit to be that small ! ! !
ready for wicked shit tonight in st louis whoop x 99
certain females dont need to have twitter if its to bullshit about emotional trivias in their fucking life
itssadwhen you care about someone who doesn 't give 87 shits about you
we always fuck up good shit lmao stroke
fuck slow down with the replying sistaaaa + im calling you a not as nice person as me d
this bitch came on stage dancing lookin like a 50 year old teyana taylor - _ -
said that first drip was the shit ! ! !
lls white people make some weird shit
no because i dnt have time to argue with little girls over some fucking snow
my ass would hate me later , but i 'd be in little girl heaven
wth that shit is gross l bitxhes rly be foolen !
me and nick mundy just got the fucking shit beaten out of us by two random cunts , great ,
i got five felonies , i got siz felonies , i got seven felonies , bitch im bill belamy
your man said some real sucker shit for no reason
not on no groupie shit
oomf was suppose to sice me with pasta for my birthday , fuckin liar
hell yeah this shit is crazy .
oh shit who told u this lie lmfao bedroombody in the dark maybe .
oh she was fucking annoying im tellin ya x
uurgh ! ! i hate theemmm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! hoes
for fuck sake ! ireland beat england but we can 't ? !
so , we doing this ? i 'm gonna kick your ass like i did at twister .
haha he pushed shit out that lil nigga
aha , no i will sit my ass in the golf cart lol
keep talking shit and being fake
you lose in our wars every fucking time !
you do ? i thought we were too old for that shit
bitch i do ! there is no reason a person with a vagina should txt me good morning
they a good team , but fuck em
shit bra wen u comin back out here
no fucking way someone else is going to .
bruh all these folks on soulja boy dick
shit you know the usual , eat shit and sleep
lol bitch what was you doing last night ?
my computer is broken and my phone too ! ! wtf is this devil shit ? ? ?
fuck , i dookied on myself again !
who the fuck is rebecca black & why has she been a tt all weekend
* gasps * holy fuck ! i need to read that novel !
bitch didn 't i just call you
can 't you just fuck andget it over with ?
i 'm so fucking proud of them .
fuck me that was funny l
i miss you even more i was supposed to se you on saturday but my dad fuck that shit up
get it boo get it ha ! all the cool shit happens to everyone but me .
if you ever need help holding shit down this side of the rio grande .
they got shit in the big gym
oh yeaaa dammit he dont count lls rt lor ass johnnie llab
lol i got too many tweets & i miss yo freak ass
reply to fb , its important and shit
yu came up with dat shit lol
will do haha , need to pay for the fuckin thing first haha
send me another zip up from your line ! shit 's so comfy
the fuck ? ! random ass , how was it ? ! ? !
sexpot sharon blocked me ! ? ! what the actual fuck ! ! ! we had a bond
im bored as shit ! wats the move ?
fuck ! it 's just for withdrawals
i wish i knew more fucking spanish .
swerr ? ? ? ? haha ! smh lazy asses
shit i have an interview next week and they 've specifically requested a print based portfolio
shes a bitch but im so sorry you thought it was youu
but girls only do it to me because i be having colored uggs that 's some basic bitch shit
damn my alarm went off twice and i still dnt wanna get up
oh shit that sucks well i 'm gonna sleep goodnight !
- get the stick out of my ass
hes fuckin epic in fifa tho
bitch don 't use my name in a tweet
that was some sad shit .
fuck ! how did she talk to you ? !
it 's moment like now where you sit back , take stock and realize how truly fucked you are
fuck i just put too much eucalyptis oil in my mid day bath
sit ya happy ass down lol
hey bitch , i 'm back > d
suck a dick it was a fluke you said the only thing you didn 't have was the fudge
turn that shit turn that shit lol
feels the same as being 100 my mom is going to antigua for a month tomorrowcrazy shit man
i don 't remember shit about it
first fuck up i do at work , is the the biggest fuck up i could 've ever done
when i get it send your address and shit and ill send it
that 's just a bitch move .
cool cool i needa take my ass to the gym i been slacking this week lol
holy shit , i hope he comes .
_ _ _ _ < i 've gotten into too much shit i guess .
shit doesn 't really change with your parents when you turn 5
rt ima agree with you on that his shit is so bland and shallow
give some fucking respect to colleagues for once .
glad to read that sprung asses butsoproud of you two
shit ! you are so right
damn i see you talking mad shit about me up and down your tl someone thinking of meeee awecutebabyboy
"i got so many bitches chasing me smh """
i know , im all obbsessed and shit ahaa
this cold is kickin my ass
i miss yur crazy ass lol
going the fuckin in on these tweets
bettttt , sounds dope as fuck dude
who the fuck are you ?
so fucking depressed haha like always
only cuz yu cracc me up so i say shit to keep it goin lol
yo fuck you i liked that mixtape lollololll
grr , i said if you fucked jb youd be considered a gold digger
fox would pay out the ass , and they have a network channel
fuck you taking credit for some shit i wanted to do
lola is a fucking beast ok
and i hate it cuz of that reason , its fuckin bullshit
fuck ! ! i should of went
yo ass aint come to class smart !
bare on about paparrazi and shit like she 's experienced it before
haha nothing much how about you wondering bitch lmfao
lmao that 's what i was trying to tell his dumb ass
some dick head be a different color then body
that bitch from sonny with a chance got fat prego
suburban shit right now boii .
im to much of a pussy to punch a wall , and i love gizmo , i wouldnt hurt him
xd your lemon squares taste like ass .
kissing you , holding you close to me damn
nah slim unless jaden got us both and stashed his my shit is gone already lol
i 'm the cutest bitch out here
for all y 'all bitches who thought i didn 't have hair because i wore tracks
it 's not the dick they fighting over
that 's why i 'm fuckin ' here
finished reading the heroin diaries , and holy shit , i loved it
and i 'd hit you for it if i could move
but shit it gets old up here sometimes too .
i been on my grind with this job n shit .
loooking back there was somme neeky shit going on
nandos - great , or shit ? please vote .
fuck gettin older i wanna be a kid again lmao
sure bitch , see you later
bitch i miss you ! when you comingg to see me ! ?
that 's it i 'm calling guillermo to tell him some shit .
"im fuckin starving i gotta go get some food "" quire leche ? lol"
< omg looook a russian letter wow ! < erm , what the fuck was this ? d
i wasn 't aware you had tumblr i 've just followed you , you sexy piece of ass
he 's a pain in the ass , but he knows so much .
well don 't let him send me a friend request i will deny that shit
rt up early missing the shit outta my gf - good thing i live with mine
i bet you are ! girl talk yo shit lol
* yells * fucks sake stross ! just do it !
and a moron for using such a popular inet pic
i just do this shit for kicks .
oh shit i thought jeffries was off the knicks list ! this could go down a treat !
shit this is my second time eating today i had apples and oatmeal earlier
awh shit me too mhm lol so what you watching ? i feel like i 'm being weird
lol i eat chicken every fucking thing .
shit a rickshaw banged into your car ?
hope injuries forced changes otherwise ? ? what the fuck !
sorry for being a complete bitch to you gabe
but if u don 't want to come just tell me don 't pussy
fuck off you and stop stalking my tweets .
no you werent becouse you said you were barely getting on unser sostop the fuckin lieing
he ain 't shit to be regarded for lol
here the fuck you go , well let me be a flunky then
yes yung n i feel stupid ova here tryin keep up wiff yuh know i juss made dis shit
you need to do that shit before they take it down
rotfl ! stop tryna go before i destroy yo ass !
all that shit you love and have a good birthday
o fuck no , i can 't take it when sg bad happens to you guys
wow - even high on flu meds there is still steaming piles of shit on tv
everybody getting on my fuking nerves
dad told me to catch him up on my shit
barney frank kickin ' ass on that piano .
hopefully my pale ass gets some sun
i feel like doing some evil shit right now .
it never was shit and its never gon be shit .
- - - & & neither one of them bitches have hair haha !
all my timeline is full of shit about 57 d and im just like stfu
whatever man just forget about it i asked something simple and u gotta be smart ass about it
that 's just so fucking rude .
oh shit i almost forgot what time
you are gonna live by midnight , and that is a fucking nightmare you shit ass fuckface .
nd wat makes yu think that yu still just a mean ass person
it trades high on famu 's pussy stock market .
oh shit me either grandma of the goddess
it 's called auto correct on my iphone you dumb ass
fuck that i aint going for a year ! ! !
stop blaming shit on me
you gotta admit that was fuckin hilarious though !
no i dont otherwise i wouldnt have asked who the fuck is cory
you won 't even last a day here with that kind of shit .
lol no no no punk ass
lol ohh shit that good tho i just got a job interview d
o shit ! that was you ? dude you are huuuuge
unsporting , whoever voted me that fuck you .
then my ass is in mexico !
o fuckin hell wont be long till 55 d xx
he was pretty stupid tho , but i did lol
ill figure this shit out .
yeah and didnt call me back whore im finna break up with you lol
have you done some type of survey or some shit to prove that sir ?
dom someone clothes are done vote if i should move they shit or not lol
i swear my mom gets on my fucking nerves likee .
talk shit all day i don 't mind
who the fuck do you think your talking to ? you sound as if you think your above everyone else
ohmy i 'm friends with cute ass now !
well if you find out lemme know , i just might get off my ass and come through lls
if there is one thing i learned tonight , i need to get my ass back in shape lmao
lol ikr she da retard who showed me dat shit
aye bro ! u do the conflict and analysis change shit thingy sheet paper ?
fuck , why do i always listen to you
i took a knife to the fuckin door though
mondays rock my world , i literally love this shit
the sun coming out and i think im bout to say fuck it
i just realized how tatted is kinda sexyyy i can fuck w that *
captain fuckin crunch is the shit !
if i do hate him , what business is it of yours ? ? dumb bitch
road up to savoy dat wasnt hitttin on shit gotta c where everyboy at
i don 't think i know this girl or loud bitch your talking about haha
he can tell anyone he wants to fuck off
* he slowly and nervously slides inside her pussy , moaning at the feeling * fuck
fuck my life ! well good thing its only 36
he said you said i was a crazy bitch
fuck , i 'm extra , extra careful now
whats ur bio say ? and do u speak english ? rt and great ass
you have to be fucking kidding me if youre thinking that youre not one of these guys
i keep it real in this phony ass business
put alot of that green shit on
i went 24 months ! then i fucked up ! hard to get back on track
damn damn nigga why do we live so far away
lol why did dis shit make me laugh shawty ?
i 'm sick of your shit right its over
i don 't treat u like shit
they was just callin way too many damn fouls shit was horrible
it didn 't thin out the frosting which was really nice ! glad u found the ass .
oh shit the video fuck , haven 't even started ! ! !
lmao that 's a job well fucking done !
just to release more shit quickly
but again this is arbitrary shit and may not apply to you personally as an artist .
yes , she can 't pronounce for shit
llh don 't be listening to my shit while you thinking of another
lmbo ! ! why would i make a real video to yo song witout you nigga lol
after 49 shiit fuck what u sayin
i couldn 't stand his ass ! !
fuck i thought it was just me and the tv put on 23 lbs
like a nigga ever left up out this bitch
oh you didn 't know ! ! ! ! you ass betta calllll somebodyyyyy ! ! ! ! !
fucking love that song < 89 but i 'm listening to eminem right now haha
im going hard in da motha fuckin paint nigga lol
yess you look like you would beat somebody ass lol you not sweet
girl this shit jus got started
lakers too good especially when big shit on the line .
what the fuck did you do
hd on these new tvs piss me off , they need to tone it down some , shit to clear
nawwwww fix ya shit 79 st fam
i 'm gamma kick your ass and i am gamma go buy one with
me back before i unfollow his rookie ass
again with the ignoring damn girl .
you 're making yourself look dumb
contrary to popular belief i think all time low is shit .
bitch , the beatles are my favorite band .
""" i saw his weak ass tags in ny last week"
niggas want it all up front now
how about justin king - punkdified ? that is fucking amazing !
- _ _ - rt i know he got my shit
just sitting around sweating my ass off
yeah but it 's really * great * shit !
whaaaaat is happening in this fucking picture ? why can 't the world make any sense anymore ?
my boyfriend got arrested for throwing a rock at someone 's windshield after they fucking followed us .
girl me too ! i 'm about to keep my ass at home !
heat aint on shit this year
""" you know black folk don 't return shit ! "" lol"
* pouts and climbs over you * move your ass !
gotta wait two damn weeks for my 71 power cord
p i love you bitch , thank you < 36 xxx
nobody fucking understand wtf im saying ! they acting like its cool
lol hell yea i couldnt see shit wit his black ass
trying is shit ! ! rt baby don 't you know that i try .
lol ! i 'm not baking cakes ! that shit requires to much effort
but dat nigga ain 't got no swag
now i feel like an ass
tumblr , you gotta fix your shit , you know ?
bitch what you had wanted earlyer
lol that 's not a lie at all so stop showin ya ass for twitter lil boy lol
lol nah it was on my ipod haha i ain 't update that shit in years
drive down tomorrow i aint got shit to do
bitch , that ain 't a damn secret
i 'm so fucking sick of all the rap and all the r & b being fuckin techno
wat if ya mamma sent some shit to yo house
fuck love , i 'm tired of trying
you smell like shit , ass , mesh in peins
i fucking miss spotlight like burning
where carley at ? her pussy the only one i trust
it 's only the first day but i 'm just bored and the weathers shit haha
ayee i was going make one too lol take boyz off imma grown ass man
and he was talking shit about duct tape saying they wont do shit
the fuck how 'd you get blood on your shirt haha
* leans againdt the side of the pool fucking as hard as i can *
yo its hot as shit out man
ugh , can the fuckin movie just start already .
imma grown ass man , girl
cool , i was gonna say i got some nice shit here d
* she rolls her eyes * stop being a pussy and get in the fucking car !
but i like pop punky shit too
her though rt bitch looks like she might actually be shaped like a corn pop
i give a fuck though ! ! ! cause your important to me < 100
fuck u if u don 't agree
u 'd be surprised all the shit u think about when u jus sittin there
lol hell yea and you know i really dont even be on this bitch
well sometime this week im getting my ass tattoo revived lol ! & i don 't wanna go alone
fuck the 18 day trip s
needa get some shit off my mind !
stop laughing bitch and help me like i asked .
fucking paul reiser on tv every week
everytime you call it a ' man pussy ' i die inside
sumone did some off the wall shit ! notcooltweet .
i want mine you thievin ass bitchhhhh !
lmao nah brah i aint got shit to hide
i know he is seriously being a dick !
i been on my hooping shit
thanks for fucking up my charger , now im phoneless till further notice !
haha i just won 't though - cos you will never fucking call me ! xo
yeah damn straigh fuck your lifeee , you gotta move your ass somewhere else
its so hot i am getting it shit i cant wait ahhh d
dunno man it 's been shit haha i 'm on the my iphone 81 teehee
idk , my hair out & shit
how fly was dope as hell and was definitely wizs best shit
you gotta ollie your ass on the escalator first lol
shit sounds like a bad acid trip or something
there are spiders under the bed ? aaaaaaah shit ! !
come on , red sparowes is definitely the most retarded when it comes to song titles .
i am nobody 's bitch * paraphrasing jet li *
friend from sienna heights cool as fuck
it sad when girls want to talk shit about you when they dont know fuck all about you
- i shake my head - if he wants to be a dick let him
yes that would make my day smart ass
i wish i could fucking sleep right now
go take a cold shower guy ! ! they have became my best friend they the shit .
plus u were rude as fuck to me on your damn birthday - _ - the fuck .
woah ! fal your so nice you fucking twit
lmao cause you probably was on that 56 shit lol
what you digging up ancient fuckin history for you dumb cunt ? you 're so fuckin desperate ! edl
you're so desperate"
o shit real ? that makes my day wat town is that
d fuck i love you in a creepy way too
lol we need to get out of these suspect ass parts of hoco
shit sooo i aint in it lmao
i don 't even play that shit anymore
lol i wanna drop this shit today
- - your fucking lying to me yuu idiot
what the fuck is north essex ?
to think i actually loved you * laughs * i 'm such a god damn idiot
uhh noo , you get your ass to bed i ain 't the one who has a bedtime lol .
"what 's the significance of the "" two shits "" ? ?"
shit , you never told me the timeee xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
that shit was funny to me ! ! & you stay wearin tank tops & shorts ! lls
sleep at 29 + , feel worse than shit .
and you know im serious because its a recession out here and chocolate is expensive as shit
thought that was u up dere for a minute till ma dick went soft lol
or a car < 31 said i care bout that shit
it was grey as fuck , but there
40thingsaboutme whatever the fuck number i 'm on
i was fucking serious you guise | | | | ejkvndjfvns
no you ass i wouldn 't say that p
you tweeting weird shit ! ! lol
i miss hugging the shit outta you .
i bet a whopper that i 'm going to get awkward shits from eating
pffff i have way too much random and entertaining shit in my room
i could go find stuff to do but i 'm lazy as shit
you gunna park dumb ass close to my car again so i can 't get in ?
fuck this apartment too its a piece of shit
jeff didn 't say shit about that .
that shit could come in handy lmaoo
you aint seen a picture of me so how the fuck can i look like a boy lol
what the name of it ? an shit thats what im doin
thats like me saying to you the beatles are shit lol
just let that nigga know , put his ass in check
bitch i am a monster i belong on district 24 .
omfg my fucking arsehole stepdad just turned off the fucking internet
fuck yes ! making a new cd ?
too fuckin cute ! ! ! no say sumthin else
you gotta come at me sideways nshit
i wasn 't even late the bitch just wanted to be a dick ! uughhhh
what the fuck is on my tv now ?
sitting in the rain , fucking buses
sometimes i wish i could sing like maxwell , but then i say fuck it .
fuckin right with the hornets !
"what you meant to say there was "" shut the hell up , bitch "" p"
bc you dnt fuck wit me
where the fuck were england
what the fuck about me ?
i was fuckin bored as shit
my followers found that shit goofy too huh ?
thanks ! that was some scary ass syringe
i apologize for being such a dick then
tell casper to send me that shit !
fuck you stealing my jokes n shit
i sware i put music on it i dunno wer it went piece of shit ! !
i bought the mag the other day and it was about 63 pages of alcohol ads and naked bitches
really i guess we do shit likee that now ctfuu
my fucking new beats by dr
i need a fuckin tan !
there is nothing on the brief though , it 's not even a fucking project
just retweeted herself , she is so fucking cool ! gosh !
gotta goto fucking church with my family
caitlin we need to talk tomorrow , if you can put up with my shit mood haha !
rt rt undermining and belittling someone gets you on shit list quick .
* moans , eyes rolling back and closing * fuck .
i 'll be there mad early for the meet n greet , i went today and shit was insane
water might make it slip off but not make it a bitch to burn
i wish someone would help me make a damn decision already with this kickback and this damn jam session
no reply yet haha i feel like a bitch but that 's a deal breaker for me
! ! ! he gon beatcho ass as if you fucked up some lyrics or movie quotes
i 'm sick , but it 's alot of shit too lol
i 'm sorry people are being dicks to u
damn damn damn damn damn .
that 's what the fuck i 'm talkin about microsoft lol .
u kno how it sneeks up on yo ass
yeah i can ! wait till i come imma whip ya ass !
lol na it 's my iphone shit fuccin up bro lol
lmao just heard the funniest shit bam kidd rapping i 'm n tears
holy fucking shit dude that 's amazing
oh yeah watch out for those to bad asses haha
i aint heard shit from or about nickiminaj since that blackfriday video ? she in hiding ! lol
but i waitin for him and his chick to come shit
i dont know how to work this shit
oh hail nawl - - - - bitch where are you ? !
this shit come on every week ! they should know how to spell it by now ! lol
i know if i don 't help it 'll bite me in the ass one day
he is playin shit had his ankle hacked all game
* raises my wand * shes like my little sister , don 't fucking touch her !
get this pathetic bastard of twitter
rt mann ! my girls take foreverrr ! these fucking princesses ! lmao
i 'm bout to do that shit right now .
them perverted females are the craziest of them all
- nips your ear - god , you 're so fuckin ' romantic .
shit i juss rolled up , but to blow one then hop in bed
this shit is too funny > fltg
yea im tired as shit ready to leave asap
i wish it was like shit .
nigga i member u had me and driving around lo0kin for that damn girl
i really fuck wit this dr
don 't you fuck on me
smh rt rt and the fucked up part about this whole day is
damn fuck ass bitch mother fuck went to change a tire look at my discovery blown hub
its not that you aint shit , if anything it 's on them
wesley called bellatrix a bitch
i 'm waiting on your ass mama
ohh shit you better have lol good luck brah
fuck collage english then ! i hate writing all the fuck damn time lol
i can fucken tell you have
say lil one the champ going have some more new shit , i bring u a copy when done
damn ! just had a nice home cooked meal < 60 wuh bout you lol
where has your ass been ?
do you often tweet at your dick
damn how 'd u know ? ! i woke up in a bomb ass mood ! ! ! ! !
how much shit was his trainer talking !
that 's fucking rad that you get to help backstage .
man dat nigga jordan ain 't tell me shit bout it but most likely i am .
lol she mean it like yeah how many yours got bitch lol
"fuck the rest of yall tho "" real disrespectful blackness"
i 'm try to do easy shit like cutting up stuff to pass time !
i was literally making shit up off the top of my head for most of that
what ? uni give me money ? are you stupid ? i paid huge amounts for a shit education
mums making me go to school \ shit subjects today and detention all lunch -
you got a shit - ton of gear
that 's right bitches , that 's my seat
everyone i meet is always from some far away place and shit smh lol it sucks
i hope dis crazy bitch leave me alone fa gud dis time smdreads
damn girl i ain 't gonna lie i had to use the dictionary
rt these white girls ozen playing damn near cold
i got my fucking period ! >
dude , you have a way of saying some of the most interesting shit
she dnt even get dick so she b stressin
where you work at ? armane & justin left your ass down here smh .
naw , we was playin in my nigga room
i 'm not the only one doesn 't like it and what the fuck is swagger jagger ?
uhm , i think not bitch stfu ! shit , lmao .
not see here since dick head came over about the 76 bottles off gin you took
i hate some bitches in this world son , they so reckless lifewaseasybefore
why what the fuck will you do weirdo ! ?
shit i 'm stuck in this chaptewr d
bitch you never knew shes been prego for the past month
seriously though it 's great , fuck a car gas is too much , 50
this shit is gettin crazy .
om actual g , some fucking college has put my website on their reading list
and how am i bein a jerk ?
oh yeah lol ugh just fuck my whole life
i ain 't never seen white shit , what nationality r u ?
i 'm gonna go watch pll right now since i have soccer when its fucking on every tuesday '
they in here cising the fuck outta and she aint even here lol
owl fagg niggas made me mad
i been ready for u to bring dat ass back
i 'm always a bitch to you .
g i was like wtfing shit ? ? !
what ? ? ? ? ? ? i aint heard from yo ass in foreva
you ain 't gonna do shit ! your a bluff p
bruce springsteeeeeeeeeen , i fucking love bruce springsteen
"why do ppl spell "" g "" words with a "" q "" ? ? stop dat stupid shit"
also thank the woman who handed my ass to me
fuck me , it doesn 't get any easier .
besttttt you knowwwww ! i don do shit w
let her stay to her boring ass house !
dont worry , joe horn is on my shit list too
fuck yea i did , shit is better then both games combined
holy fucking jeebus , that 's good !
i was talkin shit yesterday lik was i jus backed up n im ready ta do the same 99 day
it 's a fucking date ! love you and goodnight gorgeous d < 16
41 for that expensive - ass cheesecake ! !
who is fucking with my besti ? there can be a failure to communicate in this bitch
* inhales sharply , shaking her head * oh god ow , i can 't do this , fuck .
lmao omg that was soo embarrassing i turned all soft and shit
as always i don 't get you lol it 's summer enjoy that shit only comes once a yr
good shit that should be a classic
rawrrr ! ! lol now that i think about it shit
until i fucked shit up ?
yea my lido sis broke her tooth l0l xd dumbass & damn lazy ass ! xd haha jk x
yo be a nice little person and write me down for that r , s , v , p shit
its sum shit about yo daddy
go in the kitchen and cook dinner you lazy ass p rt honey
not today i got sum work to do but i fuck wit it next time u go
bitch ! i said a dance team
rofl ! ! ! soz but that just made me laugh ! seriously tho what the fuck ? ?
yeah it will be a nice ass kicking like they did last month in san antonio .
u kno messiah good 60 gettin his ass beat by everybody but talk da most shit
oscar the grouch on red carpet kermit & piggy as hosts statler & waldorf in the balcony talkin shit
hey fool my phone was being retarded yesterday sawie
so i need to re learn algebra b4 monday , fuck yes
lol ! ! ! ! nigga , take your hoe bath now and get ready .
hmmmmm but u still might need to get on his ass about what we talked about on the phone
bra tell me if that shit open or not !
oh okkk get your shit straight and dnt come at me like that ! lol
nigga i kno lol that why this petty shit ain 't worth it lmaoooo !
cuz he 's a millionaire and don 't givva fuck ! lmao
some people find a solution to their problems using violence , like that fuck man !
just watched new curb ep 98 fuckin class leon 's funny as shit
bitch ! ! or whoever you are dumbass
damn is like a fucking genius
bitch i 'm tweetin ' from da dead
that nigguh has some dope abs > _ <
oh ! really d awesooomeee ! i fuckin ' love dogs , once i had one r
be on his fuck bitches alllll week
ikno trying to dance and shit the glass of the heels was about to come off
faxx but sometimes you still get pregnant why you on it that shit can fuck you up period .
i just cat deal with their asses
i will if my lazy ass can get up off this couch xd
swiss beatz is mad fuckin pettty ! ! !
i told your ass you never admit to anything
you 've never seen my ass ! lol
you know i fuck with the goldengirls lmfao
""" * has pile of shit billie gave him to give to you *"
he wasnt insecure he just gave a damn and wanted more than sex like most men
- < 10 , and i dont know who the fuck lied to you !
okay ! the crazy ass treysangels should be forced to stay home .
lmfaooooooooooo this bitch ain 't fooling me .
fuck android , i got that whack phone droid phone under my bed !
shit dont do nun 10 me no more
tell bitches to rear your child ! i need the internet
he 's always riding round my way , he 's a fucking nuisance ! !
bitch you in my bathroom
"i hate when folks ask me "" why you up so late ? "" cuz bitch i 'm grown ."
i could get more pussy then you , and i don 't even flow that way .
well , and that 's fucking worse than being mad
can you guys see my icon ? ? ? i cant sss twitter is fucking up x
what can go deeper than dubstep ? my dick
still talking shit ! bruh he wanna get clapped up real quick .
what the fuck is that about ?
only lasted for 58 mins thank fuck .
did you just call me a fuck tard ? ? ? lmao
haha i was like oh shit she was doing the myspace pose !
detroit bvb concert tonight ! fuck yea ! cant wait to see
like this shit just blew the fuck out of me
i kept seeing you tweet and realized we on the same shit
omg im in a bitch mood ! x
go eat some jello pudding or something u old ass tramp
lmao well i aint got no food so i cant cook shit
lighten the fuck up stabby .
lmaoooo i had thee hardest time swallowin tht thick dry ass peanut butter smh
these online summer classes are fucking up , getting on my damn nerves
just shut up , cause you 're not a tough bitch .
the song is so fucking dope .
his ass should kno dat < - - that henn have ya right too
finding nemo 's so much better ! he is a retard
haha don 't get yo ass whoop out here son ! and watchin anger management - _ _ -
yes ! so fucking annoying ! now i can 't have sex for 56 months like wtf ! lol .
damn so was stealing pics acting like her smh i 'm following the real page now tho
not got 46 , fucking vodafone gone on strick i think no texts or anything
all the stupid shit i be saying , all i get is retweets , lol 's , and conversation .
im at home hahaha ctfuuuuu fuck outa here i wasnt walkin to get no car
they can fuckin rape you , girl ! !
how ya been ? i see you been tweetin some inspirational shit lately lol .
im just laying down , in the dark , hot as shit , moving around
hell yea i just left the fuckin mall rt herm u know dem griffeys only came out in kids
i wish i felt sorry for him but i can 't help but laugh , nani is a cunt .
i can 't hear you with all that dick in you mouth
fuck no , his swagg gotta be on point that is def
i heard about that , how fucked is it ?
shed still hate me and i 'd hate her .
i didnt cause of the tv downstairs but ugh close call tho damn steelers - _ - anyways yeah
well we dun want that to fucking happen do we tch
fuck perez , he s such a asslicker * in my mother s voice * hahah
lmao yeaaah it can if its the same shit over & over again
so i 'm not able to join you on the bitch fest .
kris didn 't talk shit , he spoke truthfully
! this station is the shit
man shit looking like im at a mall or something
at times her ass be decent tho ! she can 't blow like you but she iight
you could be working now and earning the extra instead of using unproductive time moaning like a bitch
that shit aint the same no mo son
i dunno shit about cars , but that 's a good - looking set
fuck the northern state and this traffic right now tho
"her "" will she won 't she "" shit is pretty insufferable ."
but that shit be thick dawg
you got me highly fucked up i 'm intelligent , assholee ahah .
i bet u watch them bitches tho
let 's play connect the dots w pimples ! probably gon come out to be a dick !
a lot ! ! eofjchfirkbf fucking love it !
bye sickening lol ur a hoe rt im easy if it comes to u lol
its bc crash has crazy ass stories to share about her hurting herself
nah niggas never have the shit i really wanna watch .
can a bitch get a stack ?
and don 't talk to me like i 'm a dumb bitch
twilight breaking dawn is it ? well when is it coming out ? twilight is the shit haha
* smiles , waiter brings food , begins eating * holy crap
are you following me ? fuck outta here .
lol same here school & work is kickin my ass
oh thats shit ! i couldn 't be arsed with that .
heey , you bitches it 's debz deb debbie deborah
trying ! ! how many chaps does this shit last for
lol im not followin u cuz seein u flirt wit bitches make me wanna barf
i 'm in this random ass mood .
smh i 'm telling you i woulda hooked your shits up
you need to pop that shit off
have an urge to bitch - slap him
ewww y u putting shit on yo teeth ! lol
see thats y i dont fuck wit em
turning down an a - list celeb ? who the fuck are you though ? noyourdeffonotwinning hahaha
arg this is shit ! then i send u the chapter in parts , okay < 94
how in the fuck is she a slut ? she is not a slut at all
hahah and no its not he can send your ass whenever
fuck no where are you ?
rt loooooool im there till 76 th august fuck you lool * criess * stay till 76 rd !
i c my bulls out here taken care of shit
says who go sit the fuck down for the palm of my hand smacks your face ! ! ! !
rt hoe rt i fuck em , then replace em , then i erase em out my contacts .
yuu dont know the immensity of the fuck i dont give
looool kyian you cunt , its not moist tho its the truth
ladygaga hates britney ! ! ! she always talks shit about her ! ! ! you dumb ass lol
* holds your ass cheeks , thrusting at once , crying out *
ahahah ok * horsey knocks you off * bad bitch lmao
* sigh * my fuck buddy is catchin feelings
sometimes you can be such a bitch
she is ! fuck 's sake stross ! * fights against you *
like the only way to win is to headbutt the shit out of the bear .
werd they on they good play bad play shit !
hahaha ya my mom thinks i 'm retarded d lol
omg , you 're such a pussy lol
this new shit on cabin fever sounds like the old wiz
if i was pregnant i 'd go about my shit like a gangsta
you aint bout to kill my pets bitch - p
no - _ - fuck your smiley face
nick boles is such an annoying twat , even for a tory mp bbcnews
stop singing miguel bitch i put u on him
where the fuck is my mmamonday mention ? nolove
i think thats why i find them so fucking sexy
yeah ! fuck that bullshit homie ! plus you gotta drive for 77 + hours just to get there !
youre siced as shit tho .
all them mothafuckas know whts poppin trust me ! i bet them bitches ain 't getting cutoff in chicago
u bitch hw cud u loooool it ws funny though hheheehhehhehehehhehehheh so hws u doin
i be bored as shit .
smoke shit ? that wont be very nice
lol i do that shit all the time especially when when they look scary
i am soo fucked up right now
it was about a boat or some shit
awwwwwww shit rt i got 2 followers hurry somebody get me another follower
stupid cunt , he just blames everyone else for what hes doing .
hahaha how u going retweet my shit fool
but the rest are shit .
if this is the case i 'm fucking proud of you man
shit just got real xd your cool p
i don 't care why anyone says mcdonalds breakfast is the shit
u guys n wiz can keep that shit
shit nigga maann if u need back up big homie thugvoice
why you hating on my good ass jokes ? see you jealous
they 're doing some site maintenance shit & it 'll be back tomorrow supposedly .
i dont fuck wit strangers p
good looks you should of came last night shit was insane mayne
lmfaooo i like that shit though hahahahah
rt if you want to help get fuck trending !
ima beat your ass , go to bedd
shit that 's why ain 't nobody riding .
i know ! shit , wheree you ?
""" how is he doing the oregon trail on a broken fucking leg"
lmao plz u dnt scare me one bit w yo sexxi ass
i can 't wait till i 'm 4 , leave my shitty house , i 'll be free ! x
your friend was a complete dick .
fuck u been at stranger ?
have fun with this one some punk ass kid stole my first wand at the dh book midnight release .
and aint even realized i havent said shit
clearly ! lol yo ass talked through the whole damn movie smh neverrrr going to the movies with you again
I will never go to the movies with you again"
i got a ticket for playin ball u believe that shit man
well please tell what the fuck i actually fucking did because i honestly have no clue lolololol
omg that junt was too funny ! i swear i miss trippin with yo crazy ass
i 'd kinda feel bad , all the lonely ass people would buy it lmao
he has about a million fucking tickets .
alan carr is so fucking funnnnny !
you 're making me hungry bitch d
"rd , lor ass gon get beat right tf up "" again"
me and you are going out tomorrow night ima pick ya little sweet ass up .
i 've been in bed all day , i 'm such a lazy ass .
shit i wish i was sleeping
so you dnt need school cuz you takin pictures in yo drawls for twitter & shit
i 'd be like yeah well dad is he in optic ? that 's right fuck off
ok so i asked yo plump ass how the summit went and u ignored me ? ? ? ?
better than yesterday no , really , my teeth hurt like shit yesterday
ima see yo ass on the space station one day of some super random shit
whats good ppl ? who the fuck is up tho ?
it is so goddamn messy here
what a shitty thing to say to somebody
fuck my life my ipods a prick sorry
i know right she 's so fucking gorgeous i love this pic
whoa im lost lol shit not cool danielle let me in the boxx damn ahahaha
fuck mannnnnn im kinda nervous about getting my whole neck done
blair u 're really bitch but i can 't stop loving u haha
that game tuff as shit im the truth in it
and majority of the shit was already known to the public and police
shit , you lucky mother fucker
well stay yo ass in the house because im not
they keep on changing pointless shit we dont care about when all the wanted is a friggin dislike button .
wow today has turned into a shit day all i can say is see you all later
if he wants to go , he must go and not be a bitch about $
it 's like bitch we get it
the teacher is boring as shit hmph
ahahahaha he dont want ur ass at home ? ? ?
shit nothing much , livin this yung life of mine nd chilln , wbu
not everything i post is about you , you fucking shit licking bastard .
my fucking neighbour knocked on my door at 36 36 this morning
she deleted her tweet because she is a pussy
man monica that shit was good as fuck lol
"although as i think i 've established , "" audi - driving cunt "" is a tautology"
lol how much yall shit be costing over there ?
who the fuck does she think she is ?
and i am so fucking nervous * nervous smile *
o shit he havin his baby tell him goodluck
wow you 're super awesome bitch
everyone 's full of shit and has some kind of ulterior motive
seriously nobody 's fuckin with my sis
aw shit ! ! ! rt 96 days late
i fucking hope that is true !
haha i 'm not one to be anybody 's bitch
i was in middleschool when i played u now i 'm in highschool grown as shit
i 've noticed we use the same words dick < 1 but i 'm nicer
why the fuck won 't anybody do anything ? so bored .
omfg i can 't find that shit no where ! !
what 's up with that shit ? it ain 't right ! is it ?
just not as funny as yabba - dabba - bitch to me
i 'm having a shit time too .
"i was just waiting 12 hear u say "" king - kong ain 't got shit on me"
nope i can 't be bothered man that thing is shitting me arghh well have you ? ?
i am currently thinking a whole fucking lot about it .
lol , real shit though it 's brianna .
i had a big ass vodka drink and then i came home to at least 58 beers
and everyone is fucking interfering with that .
haha maybe i read too much belldom ? ? ? ? who knows and fucking cares ! dd
thinking he was dead i answered like a fucking dumbass - _ _ _ _ _ _ -
enthusiast ? i am way fucking more than that
i agree , if he can get focused , he will make hernandez look shit
i suppose it 's more fun to make shit up
really i talk shit now whose the one thats been giving me all the shoutouts .
umm i jus found out some shit
fuck everybody and i mean that shit ! ! i 'm done with this no loyalty
yeah get that car shit straight it 's time to go out and do it big ! ! lol
who is going to drive my drunk ass home ?
or just tell them to fuck off !
bitch had no hair , on the side - lmfaooo
omg chris ! but why the hell shirley let me drive her shit
"lol they gon be like "" woman just order some damn coffee ! "" lol"
i 'm also fuckin fried so pls make sure it is you that answers the phone
but i 've got mother fuckin ' moves like bieber
umm okay , im not wearing it any way smart ass !
hahaha i enjoyed that ! fuck i feel like goin out the nite lol
this is why you don 't live with the person you 're fucking .
yeah , it is still cheap as shit , which is apt because that is what it tastes like .
that is such a fucking joke ! i just got $ 100 for my e - mail
have i fuck lad , just watching from the sidelines me ! what bout you ?
he 'll get shit on more then praise
fucking internet > e i am not happy .
iron man - black sabbath - bad ass .
i 've calmed down a bit now , but fucking hell , that was exhilarating
lmao shit gone be blacker den me lol
shit well i 'm bout to make my way back over there lol
"no shit xd haha but really at first i was like o d and the like "" lololol "" xd"
i was such a bitch , please i 'm sorry
no shit sherlock , dayton died last year
gtfo and educate your dumb self bitch .
omfg bitchh , ion want hear bout that shit ! lmfao
better shit tonight ! no days off !
ok tht sucks sooo much ass
rt my phone been on 69 % all day - who gives a fuck
i wasn 't about too see that weird shit .
u see me mad right n just fuckin talkin like really fuckin talkin
i be bored as fuck ! you ? ! ^ _ ^
where his lil ass at anyway ?
o the heat kicking boston ass
you 've just proven my point - you are a bitch !
fucking grey too ! wtf ! ! ! the beards on it 's way too ! !
it 's slightly overrun with atl shit , be aware .
get the fuck outta here
shit lets do it then
where da fuck is my easter basket ! ! ! ! ! !
get your pocahontas ass outta here lmao d
i cannot sing to save my life honestly im so shit aahahah
its one of those days where everyone is a bitch .
haha , you 're such a big ass baby
oh fuck ! * runs away fast as lighting * xd
yeah sweet shit its big so shade slowly mine got fucked up because the guy went to fast !
that shit is very normal !
i could prove yo ass wrong
it 's the funniest , most disturbing shit ever .
< but because you just are i know about your foul ass lol
you can do what you want , without having to worry about my ass
just tell me how old u are you ass hole
my lashes are already the shit ! just thin
u fuckin bitch ! u fuckin little bitch ! u say u get rid of all my friends
twitterpetpeeve when u someone and they keep tweetin like yo shit didn 't excist
miss me while my computer was fucked ? guess not lol
why can 't i have a conversation that doesn 't involve sex ? damn .
cause you a fool with it
it was rude of me to say heifer keep getting dogged your feelings are not about shit anyways !
ohh bitch the judge say other wise bitch i getem every other weekend
she would kick sum serious ass as a bond girl ! ! ! !
so if you do i 'm throwing fingers out screaming fuck you
fuck yeah ! i told you , you would ! congratulations bitch ! < 6
fuck it , just get the van on it
i d c bout shit nomore ! dont know why i use to in the first place
today suckss ! ! im fallin asleep at work ! i shoulda taken my ass to bed ! lol
"but your only "" evidence "" is fucking jason fucking manford from salford saying something on tv !"
lmao that is so mean , but you use to whip my soft baby ass
wanna play with me bitch ! ! ! ! ! * kevin hart voice *
i am not even in the mood for that i feel that shit
lol he wasn 't playin , he remembered that shit
what the fuck ? why ? how ? or is it personal ?
got some shit 67 say about me mention me allimsaying
lol how can i make it go away wen i 'm makin it rain on these bitches o
how the fuck did you manage that ? ?
u just gon recite the whole damn song huh ? ?
shit man you 'll demolish spadafora but anyone u will fight fuck that 's a punch ! u right
man beat it im a fuckin guru .
you don 't smoke you not ready for the shit we got
"so no more soccer for the week "" fuck that shit i was kinda pumped for soccer -"
loads of people would come ! but how would you power amps and shit ?
by 50 ! ? you were still playing at 50 ! ? that 's well shit
the nigga in me turned it off as soon as i got it
i mean fuck it i 'm up that late anyway
loving how all this shites made up about and everyone reads like omg
because im such a fucking nice person ya cunt arent you getting me i 'v changed d jeeeeeeez fuckin o
dick , but umm you listened to duncan music ? ? ?
- have to be fuckin ' quil ? i mean , really
fuck , i miss thebe sooooo fucking much
thats right right big homie i see ya doing big things , i fucks wit ya
that shit was burning my eyes i woke up my shit swollen and shit
o fucking love him ! xd xxx
why don 't you fuck off ? -
that shit look like a toupee
wats point chattin shit all over again with ya dutty back up gyals
she went overboard wit the shit
i made the template to block all this shit but didn 't apply it
damn ight let me get dressed real quick and let me find some keys cuz im takin somebody car lol
why the fuck are french people tweeting me
good shit and i told you bro
swag elevated x 64 since them old ass pics
this has created a rift only healed through the power of shit tattoo sketches
i 've been up since 62 bitches
shit what you eat ? i 'm hungry as hell .
tired as fuck ! i 've been unpacking all day s
people jus be so sensitive bout shit
oh shit i forgot about summer reading
im trying to hop on sum of your shit well it dont matter shiit an know prob fam .
that happens to me alllllll the timeeeeeeeeeeeee lol for real smh fuck it tho
fuck yeah , and i really love mickey mouse club house
dat fb shit i think
well hurry da fuck up then ! ! !
fan - fucking - tastic ! how bout you ? ? ?
my bro told me get a couple of my bad bitches , and lets chill on the block tonight
lmaoooo bitch you forgot cab bcus i 'm not going to sleep
a but don 't worry , no one else could possible think you 're full of shit
i 'll give you a fucking quarter in a minute .
is anyone elses twitter fucking up ? my tweets arent displaying properly in my timeline t _ t fail twitter
on his fb page he 's all fuck 78 lives
how the fuck am i going to survive my time ' till august .
how about if i shit myself from time to time ?
the weather is lovely and i feel like shit .
that is the most fucking pathetic area e i 've ever seen , period .
i clearly don 't give a shit
god didnt fuck up everyones lives without looking did he ? '
damn i thought i did
there is no excuse for having no ass nothing is more visually appealing to the imagination
you keep playing with them white folks .
where the fuck is my burger king ?
damn to get cervical dysplasia don 't you have to be getting like
why 's crippin being a dick ?
hmm well not really but shit why not
rt scientists baffled by man 's incredible ability to fuck up every time
ok so if the glee students are graduating soon that means theyres barely any seasons left o fuck that shit
nahh fuck dat lol but you welcome lol .
""" bitch you posed to be making sure his he got his shit together !"
i put up with too much shit , i 'm too nice i need to fix that .
bitch you don 't know my life !
< got back and was practically fuckin ' interviewed
whats wrong with this bitch ass guido
that grove street party beat is my shit
sorry why would i want to fit your little ass dick in my mouth
plus , she said who wants to see my big ass dancing , anyhow ?
if she did it then she should just admit the shit
fuck a dm , i wanna go crazy
but an ass whoopin is gonna cost ya !
ha ahh shit , how much is it ?
nowadays bitches be having diseases in alarming numbers
i hate having to do shit last minute but i also do it .
damn ! ur working your ass of on this ! can 't wait to test it for you
lmao well unfollow they ass lol
no one gives a fuck about the music on ur ipod
i 'm over here by uta n shit .
omg omg omg every fucking day now , baby !
not trying to be a hater but the rapper curren $ y is already using jetset in all his shit
u shud have got up and twatted the cunt , that wuda shut him up !
just sometimes u dnt kno who dick she been sucking
i stink cuz i got a lot of shit in my mind
i hope that piece of shit saw it
yeeeh , i was like , shower ? fuck yes
i said sorry cos i was rude , well i was fucking about
why did i just picture nixon givin me that crazy ass side look he gave me
i 'ma regr0w my shit don 't tripp mah nigguh
ditto ! ! rt you know itunes sometimes you are really a pain in the ass
anyone else wanna be a cunt to me while we 're at it ?
eminem is so fuckin sexy !
lmaoo go to sleep bitch , or stay awake till four and lift weights again x
i could use a big ass hamburger
fuck but i told my dad we have it
but funshion 's being a bitch lately ! d
botch is my new word for when a boy is being a bitch
now following your tall ass back rt nowfollowing even though shes sitting rite here next to me
some people need to get the fuck over themselves
do one of the following or fuck off 1
i don 't feel like going to work man fuck
sadly not one fucking man stepped in
maybe i shouldnt be on skype my mouth hurts so fuckking bad
y 'all funny as shit talking about my 49 status lol
wtf is he talkin bout ? retarded ass
iwish my mom would pull that shit ,
i need to update my apps n shit lls chopchop
i need to fucking see harry potter
holy shit she trended holy shittt it will be soo easy on her bday ! ! !
it doesn 't touch my skin you pussy
sister i missed ya ass ! !
\ _ _ nah we all fucked up .
dead that , your getting whooped !
- - lmao ur such a bitch jus realize i had a typo least u kno where im gettin
helll yes fucking pumped for tonight
sounds awesome ! ! matts a fuckin genius ! !
idk ? iheard her crying so iran my ass all the way over there but isaved her lmaao
well damn ! ima start running with y 'all starting tomorrow
its peak how over the years it became shit with every new season lol
what is a scoller ? that new shit i don 't think i wanna be hip about
junior year i went and had a date didn 't go well , she was a bitch
damn bitch phone disconnected lol sorry again who u up there with
"lmao i want one "" i wish i had another ice cream cone , that shit was scrumptious ."
i fucking am , i 'm all depressed - hyper now xd
but if i don 't get the grades then i am fucked
i needa stay mi skinny as in the house like shit
she know 's too much about me & i don 't know shit about her
i wouldnt even say shit
aww bitch well iight , saturday ima bring yu
lol you don 't fuck wit ya homie
he is also fit as fuck , that 's why i follow him
he 's probably getting high off his ass again , because he 's a loner like that .
can someone please explain to me why it 's so hard for me to be a bitch ?
i been callin yo ass since monday
lol u prolly got sum from that lil bitch u got
bout to give a heavy ass lecture
even when we weren 't friends and i was an evil bitch to you .
i just want to know who that ass is ! lol
i live in fear of shit like that happening to me
macfly was the shit ! ! ! lol
same ol shit , just a different day .
now i have 53 fuck yeah
what the fuck ! they already have upgrades to ubersocial ? ! ?
fuck the haters up all night is actually amazing it 's grown on me heaps today
* settles down , pretending that i 'm gonna sleep now , then suddenly jumps back up * shit .
how the fuck did i get in my moms car
i think im the only person in the world that doesnt watch give two shits about glee
hey wait strider and ghost rider shit i gotta buy it day one now .
i 'm fucking down ! ! d 29 bucks a gram b
well fuck a duck and call me sarah
and u can 't use it for hand soap cuz it 's been on ass crack
just stop acting like you know shit about my life .
4 ! kindle & nook special , for her new release bitch a new beginning !
you would fuckin get you way
i * like * this phone , except the bullshit pc - only update shit .
ashley judd is a bitch , hoe and a stupid face .
justin me ! a bitch ! ! what world are you in ! ? ! ?
yes laugh at me im fucking pathetic
rt fuck my bro made a bong out of a piggy bank this morning shit was amazing
yeah i used to carve that shit up when i was like nine haha
now you ass cant reply ! ! ! smh
damn nigga you say some productive real shit
- dosnt move - bitch you laughed - pouts and turns head -
i wonder if sublime has ever played his guitar while taken a shit .
this shit just stupid doe
oh haha lol l my mum thinks it 's shit lol l xxx
fuck dont link your tumblr to twitter or fb thanks
"star , just called me a "" fabulous cunt """
what the fuck ! she 's amazing haha ! me and rhys are going
i aint neva had shit against yu cuhz
hahahahaha oh , that 's just the worst shit ever .
i hear you babez cus shits crazy now & days
go to bed bitch and go take care sabra rt finally listening to soul tape
let 's have a referendum on all of them fucking off and leaving us alone
i got mad respect for the nigga
actually , nah i better not see ya ass like that .
thinking too much sucks ass i bet
only 29 something ahaha , but hes fucking sexy .
lol well your question is fucking wack
fuck shit dont ever go my way
said the same shit to you .
i knew your silly ass was gonna say something
hey boo ! - wut ya crazy ass been up to ? !
#ERROR!
bitch i been on him since before you said something about him hoe since he first came out
paul millsap is good enough & still they have more stars then the bum ass nets .
i would not do that to you tell them to fuck off lol
shit idk i jus knew it had smthn to do wit sports .
fuck , almost didn 't recognise you in my time line , well done !
sometimes i wonder how i can love such a shit team
shit that 's nothing in el salvador is like 100 or 100 and they get pay cheap
im gonna kick your ass too , just for that !
yeah we in this bitch .
rt i can do that with my ass
a collab between barretto , weinman and you would be absolutely fucking crazy hahaha make it happen !
den it 'll hurt like a bitch
you make me so fucking happy , you know that ? because
i get a lot shit off they website and marquee sole they have stuff a few months in advance
just now wakin up from my nap & & its still borin as fuck i shouldve stayed damn sleep hell
arrr shit forgot about that | i 'm gunna have to be in on time cry !
not until you calm the fuck down .
nah im gonna check this shit out right now ! ! xx
and he prob fell like you shot his ass huh ! ! !
wat u upto this late ? otha than bein bored as shit on twitta lol
do business with mothers window tint at 92 and thousand oaks ! these guys are tight as shit !
hell fuckin yeah it got quiet as shit in the car
i dare any bitch in this town to try to and they 'll see me mad .
but one for their rights of entertainment activities ? the fuck is wrong with you ?
i was just trying to hit that ass , cupid needs love too .
you obvss havent heard me sing ! ! l help the little bitches have arrived ! ! ' xx
in les celebrating birtthday ! happy birthday bitch ! !
ok thats was some nasty shit
haha , cunt ! were was all you 'r tweets yesterday !
lmaoo to west bubble fuck , va nope ! ! ! bring me some lls
what the fuck , blackcurrent lucozade ?
i dont know what the fuck hrm means
if you pay for petrol money and can put up with my driving and shit music , then cool .
bored listening to music and shit lls
didn 't you hear ? i put the ass in class
life 's a bitch and then you die
yea , can the female ? ? bitches make money and still want dudes to trick ! !
i need a fucking lover
yeah maybe when we go il have dramactially improved and whoop all of yer asses p
shut the fuck up , geek !
don 't fucking think about it
"i 'm on my "" let - shit - go "" campaign"
what the fuck imma cook ? !
i dont even have one , im proper fucked
it is ! yo fake ass nvr spit da real ! kmsl
jealousy is much worse than arrogance , you shit !
i don 't think soooo ! i like to stir shit up what can i say p
hah bitch i 'm not even home ! ! ! i 'm painting priscillas house lol
i 'll not able to talk in front of them , i 'm fucking shy d
idk what to do im goin to fuckin bed
peer pressure ! ! ! is ah bitch lol but i love it haha
what did she say ? told you to fuck off too ? lol
a grown ass man sipping from a straw is not a good look !
pls go follow , her shit poo !
- laughs , holding my stomach - bitch , i eat everything
i do the funniest shit when i 'm by myself
ahhh ! ! ! thats awesome ! ! i need a fucking concert
i told her to erase my shit out her phone and i deleted that bish
so im hoppin in my shit
this movie is fucking bullshit
thomas jefferson is a pussy
bagpipes live are the shit !
it betta be to my fuckin cuzzin !
awww how come and it 's coz my life is shit wbu hun ? x
she been said it on the previews you stupid fucking bitch
lol shit wasn 't hungry till you said something
bitch , yes you do ! ctfupp
i 'm straight rt fuck me .
shit just chillin and u
i dated her , i have right to say what i want dick .
lil mama what the fuck do you be talking about
lucky shit not got college and your up at this time ! big soft !
im mad i took u 92 tweet 92 send that shit lol
why not ? u did yo dirt nigga
damn you tease is killing me
ohh like the veggies n shit ? das cool .
holy fuck its beast from the 46 s series beauty and the beast scglive
tell her i said use da numba damn it ! !
no just got back in shit box nc cuple hours ago
lmao i 'm don with yo cafe worker looking ass go cook some chicken wings .
you want to slay me
if you were a dinosaur , you would be a bitch - a - whoreus p
lmao wasn 't for you ass
there is shit all over facebook about me being bisexual
lmao no one is gonna fuck on you hahahahahahhaha
where is my bitches at ? ? im soo loneeellllyyy
why retweet all that other bullshit .
get the fuck off twitter , and delete your facebook
cause i 'ma want it all the damn time .
rt fuck ! ! , u needed a coupon for the free burrito ! ! ! - duhhhhhh
at this fucking barber shop with
so fucking cold ! my school had ' em and 95 % were broken .
what the fuck you gunna do about it .
i wanted to talk to you about pamperedellen for 99 second then leave you the fuck alone
fuck yeah ! ! ! super happy killjoy
we always task about the same shit in here .
"bro you went ham on that "" stupid "" track ! smh good shit !"
mook shitted outside instead of in the floor yaaay
damnnnnnnn i wanna fuck j - boog he look good as shit
lol shit i need change
can 't say the same for floptina whack drunk ass .
hey u didn 't read the earlier tweet , i 'm filmin real side bitches of franklin brunswick
* screams louder , murmuring * damn , that feels so fucking good , babe .
shit we coulda brother , sister talked
lmao man i bet he was , i use to feel bad about that shit too the next day
dunno , just feel like shit
lmao didn 't know ppl still watched that shit
but shit dumb bittie needs that jail time
no actual purpose to they shit
whatdya want me to call u ? a cunt ?
ohhhhh ok lmao idk shit about dogs so .
richie just called me about the asd shit ' did not help - _ _ -
game this shit is serious
fuck tryouts we already made the team haha
gotta wash my bulls jersey for the weekend teambulls bitches
whos the flyest bitch of them all ? never mind i am .
because i was talking bout my cuz they left me here to babysit that fucking sad af
all your lines are fucked up boo .
u are the shit were u bricking itur first time on tv and does any 18 ever reconise u .
fuck you all ! ham is the nicest thing ever ahamisforlifenotjustforchristmas
not really it 's shit any way
gotta nigga rollin wit these tweets
playing dodgeball with fam i can barly walk that shit popped >
"the glee cover of "" turning tables "" sounds like absolute shit"
i don 't know why be fucking with me
me too , but i wont get anythng frm anybody in there but dirty dave himself
bout time my roomie took her ass on somewhere now i can take a nap in peace
oh shut up i don 't need no lecture from you now fuck off
knowing him hes gunna have like 42 bday bashes & shit lol yeah my dad doesnt want tanks x
when a nigga do right they take it for granted .
| smh they really be stashing and don 't tell us shit
i gotta stop caring so much nobody ever gives two fucks about me
forsure just hit me & let me know , its some shit going on too so we should be good
jelly is so nastyyy ! ! ew ew ew ew
shes pissing me the fuck off today .
another big ass breakfast buffet chulan
i need a fucking chinese takeaway stat
damm i 'm losing followers like crazy o well fuck em the don 't know what they missing
did you see the one with tonks and lupin ? ? fucking tears , man .
same , my work is shit but i dont care if i pass haha
and you missed david and renata arguing ! ahhhhhhhhh ! nephs that shit was funny !
lol nopee immaa be with onee or the other i 'm no dick dykerr .
cant even pay a bitch 89 follow his remedial that mean slow ass
ima go crazy ! ! they scare the shit outta me
s citizen they cant do shit to me d lol
what shit ? ur apt stuff ?
and you bite my fuckin head off
ahhhhh my bitch back on here ! were you at bitch
your ass was about to cry lol
she fucking broke up with you ?
you lucky bitch ! what did youd do when you met him ? ? ? x
yea she flexxin on the rt too lol rt nigga did diddy just tweet you ! ? ! ?
you 're closer to them ? then why the fuck did you block them ? explain that one .
to annoy the shit out of everyone o
shit i complain bout 88 degree weather here in l
- lol , why , so he could kick some ass ? d
you pussy smells go watch it !
- - ruin her life cause thats some good ass entertainment esp
yea they chilling they talking about that job shit
yeah now , that yo ass got the rejection treatment
haha i 'll be like yo ass get over here ! ! !
i mean very irritating to see females fightin over some dick
true , he got a smart ass mouth
fuck is that ? you barely say words anyway .
u wnt the truth yuhh wazz juss a quick fukk like 60 month ago getovr it !
this bitch gone get mad cause i 'm not driving her to the club 58 nite
maybe you are retarded if you dont wanna sleep
lmfaoo yeah henzi punk ass stay on that tip n kay
it 's just their economy 's fucked , so they haven 't any ' good ' inflation .
that 's fuckin hilarious l heroes !
ewwww this bitch , she smells like fish ! period blood
where the fuck is my good morning .
obi , s sisters pants be high as shit during school
shit ! ! missed the start of alan carr -
loooooool ! ! that should be the neww word ! now im gonna be a bitch
niether is but u see hes followin dis ass too lol
i 've seen ' dick in a box ' fucking love it
where the fuck has eryn been ?
gonna bust a nut right in that pussy if you do that
that 's the stupidest shit i 've ever heard
neither could i but hey sometimes you just have to be a bitch .
i washed my car , and clean that filthy ass kitchen today lol
how fucked were you , forgetaboutitinthemorning
bitch i sing it friday on tuesday 's .
- this bitch only wants to work shit out on her time
i can 't believe my cuzzies r 58 man shit were all getting old
yeah nigga you know you wanted it after you saw my shit lol
capcom , what the fuck ? you said strider hiryu didn 't fit in with mvc3
hell yeah lol , he was walkin like them bitches was gold lmao
fuckin ryte ! ! ! rt str8 gin tonite
ha true have u seen the pointless shit i post on here
having a big ass lol oh and she dated kanye
kidd just bricked the fuck out that three
thats why u neva see me with the same shit yall have on aka true religion jeans
im talking about the first ones them gold bird shits !
aren 't you hispanic ? cook me some spanish f00d bitch
i still fuck with h & m
dude shut the fuck up talking , and get a life .
back then , i treated goddesses like shit
yo bitch ! jus hangin wit me ho 's on the 93
i have to say that crabbies tastes so much better after a shit day
shit , i 'm in ann arbor at this lil probate .
fuck em ' haha jk xd rt i lost 33 followers
oh shit , what happened ? where is my sniper rifle ?
i gotta go my mother is being a bitch
i 'm tweetin for real , so what the fucks the deal ?
i aint fuckin with you anyway
igronant , does she expect me to say fucking hello ? were not exactly the best of friends .
it got cancelled or pushed back or some shit now ?
that shit was dirty as hell ! lmao
in the tallest shit heap in the world , there is always good - x
if you want to be my bitch and do a rap video , you could get a bonus .
i get more than average , bitches come back for more
damn i hate when them lil rascals do that
what the fuck does that mean ? - _ -
now get your holy ass on their
* giggles * no you are ! * pinch ur ass *
you can add 3 & 1 internet to the shit list
how u gon call me slow lol when u writin half ass sentences that dnt make sense
fuck off ricky & go sing that bestfriend song !
that awkward moment when u fall laughing so hard and ur face falls on some dog shit x
that 's fine i give his ass the best pounding ever
grips onto your arms and screams loudly oh my god fuck yes logan !
lol you like my last tweet ? mr stevens keeps saying innapropriate shit x
who yooh tellin i think that nigga lyke being locked upp and shit kuzz he go back every 38 monthz
d may the slipping on our asses comence
| u went shopping with you know who today for tools and shit ? wela u were busy ?
r y 'all 64 are some nasty asses .
what the flying shit is going on
oh shit yu remember * shocked voice * now wats my name
umm relax girl lol rt don 't ask me tht shit ! ! smh
taking it to the death not afraid to get my ass beat lol
my mom be fuckin irkin me .
the only dick i suck is logan lerman 's
shit idek lol he was following me
he friend call me a bitch and now i 'm in real life
shit i think hes doing that loko talk .
don 't worry carol that nigga crazy lol
we need more shit wit meaning
harry potter was fucking awful
some shit happened so i guess its up in the air at the moment .
and all you 're good at is acting because you 're so fucking fake
you said bad boss barbie bitch
< lmfao ! bitch tell me ! !
female lol no sexist shit though
holy shit ! i was so sure as i left work that we were going to get beat !
ur fb posts are makin me laugh ahaha u mean but funny wit yo silly ass ahaha smh
shut your ass up i called you sunday
naw my shit must be tweekin cuz u like da 94 th person to tell me that
you are a stubborn son of a bitch
yea cuz you the bitch that got me sick !
i swear i didnt say my hair , i said hand bitch hand
fuck da bulls and miami teamlakers
i wasn 't talking bout ya bestie cus i don 't fuck with em talkin but mannyy
no it was danielle hahaha im laughin coz i dont give a shit shes not a nice person
we smoke dat loud & dat kush ! ! lol ! ! u looked rough as fuck ! lmaoi
i 've been being lazy as fuck .
safety my ass ! fuck you !
just wanted to make sure your freak brain could remember it fag spawn
i don 't really give a fuck about the royal family
u retweeted my shit so i followed u
shits gone blow yo mind ! ! ! ! so huge .
oh , & julie caitlin brown is in the house finally getting this shit organized
ahh damn icant really remember , aha , it was shit anyways | i thought lol
where 's the banner ? tell to give that shit .
& lt & lt & lt yes yu bitch we kno ! faggot !
yeah man ! elaina doesn 't go around starting shit
it 's a shit part of the sport that every team is guilty of
if you up to it and shit .
_ boutah go to sleep ! & nawh , take your ass to bed , lls
man i had a whole rant how i hate when it 's pronounced like that fuckin dumb .
how u gne cum to sumbodii else house , & drink dey shit up ?
ive had so much shit in my life ' ' i cant remember the last happy convo i had .
i don 't give a fuck point blank
but its hot as fuck down here
- _ - lmao damn boy its all his fault !
or you think that fucking little of me that i 'd cheat on my husband with your fianc
follow my bitch she is sooooo sweeeeeeeeeet ^ _ ^ & single
cause you dnt fuck wit me .
no clue who it was , but she was fuckin nervous lmfaoo p i wouldn 't blame her p
cuz i didn 't want to have to pay for shit hoe
not like when big brittany beat some ass too tho
bitch you had me analyzing every damn song that came on at work today
staring at the damn wall trying to find sleep lol the bitch disappeared on me lol
i 'm in a good ass mood today .
mate we got no money aswell fuck
lol perfect perfect all activities $ 45 a hour xtra freak shit is 92 xtra
my molar is coming out and being a bitch about it
haha shit burn one for me my nigg
get this negro off the top of my fb feed - _ - lol
my shit talking keeps u entertained
fuck nooo it cant be over
my nigga do me a favor , stop talkin bout him , thank you
and there are lots of factors why shit is the way it is in the middle east
goin to some rooftop shit for drinks with cammie sis around 54 ish u wanna go ? it 's rsvp
more like a shit one anyone can make quotes
rt pasantes are shit thatisall cosign except warming sensations
ignore that nigga talking shit to you real shit , don 't even fucking reply
no while bk on skype its some lil gurl n shit and some dude gave her the pic
d dont they seell shit ontouurr too ? you coulve got one then
oh shit lol when this happen ?
we both know i 'll say fuckin anything
u know how to use google dumbass ? or type billboard
son , what the fuck are you talking about ?
idk i 'm bored ! spark some shit up ! lls
yu gotta have a phat ass an flat stomach
rt fuck all of this shit
exactly this shit pissin me off
yeah & since you are not busy answer your emails dick face
but it doess look good , just fucking shit scarringly good
fuck yeaa i do ! lol & yeaa by myself cause i can 't sleep either !
what was the other shit film ?
this is a good ass game ! swear
yeah nice spose seafood would be fucked for yas after that oil spill ey ?
hahaha welcome to my life , bitch .
what kind of shit is that ? !
we got 24 hr gyms around this bitch now
"awww me too ! ! i wake up and im like "" fuck u make me horny "" lol"
because it hurt like a bitch
but im fuckin wif twitter cause its faster
ohh fuck you ! go back to sleep !
finally got my lazy ass off of my chair to go and buy coffee
think i will have to get my ass to brighton when i move back down south
you 'll never catch me saying no sweet shit specially on twitter lol
i 'm fucking done with every single one of you .
ugh ! fuck that ! i didn 't see it !
mate i have a bite or a heat spot ! and i 'm burning like fuck !
ohh hell no ! most peopl are saying dumb shit anyway ! lol
* spanks your ass * happy birthday ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
however were gonna see bout this shit son
i feel so fucking bad -
would u want a nigga to act like a bitch lol ?
holy shit ! you got to meet ? ?
so hop on in ! i got some good ass cream haha
bro i jus busted jc ass online in that 49 k11 , he salty lmfao
dick don 't pay da bills lol
yo ass was talking too thee window yesterday .
cuz son what if that shit turns out the shittest thing to ever touch your body
rt not all you girls can cook stop it imaginary ass meals that are done that quick i be cooookn
i don 't wanna do no fucking community service ! ! ! !
i fucking love you guys
homefront online is fucking awesome , if the freezing issue is addressed it will be even better
ur in a fucked up situation rite now lmfao
you see i peeped it , pussy is power
where the fuck is the next gob iron album ?
you was born at 20 20 for real ? and nigga you dumb
nothing this bitch ass nigga just called my house to ask fa my friend
told y 'all niggas dat atl shit what it is ! !
the motherfuckers charge me 97 bucks for that shit ! i just might have to tho .
shit , adam * runs back inside and gets him *
man what ? ! ? how can i forget that shit
the fuck are you doing at the golden dove ? go to mike 's place on new dorp lane
and shit , do you have a cold bro ?
lmfao bitch had a kid ! to much baggage for an 26 year old to deal with
fuck dont feel like goin to school tmrw , wat else is new .
yeah it is lol but the way y 'all talking about her damn lol lol
lmap hollin too hard but fuck that im ready for this summer
glad i dont have dat problem cuz i will b whoopin a bitch azz u feel me
in the next bout of shit news , i smacked our new car up today
i know its old but its still my shit
you gave a fuck with the grand final d
this twitter i can say what the fuck i please
every bitch wants tht title -
- haha fareo ? yea city dont play bout your attendance ! ha they be on your ass
if they 're horrible , i 'm a bitch lmao
hell yeah foreign stuff ! shit does that mean we loose sleep ?
i need abreva lookin ass bitch !
hahahahaha that are the worst mouth i 've ever draw hahaha believe me u 'll laugh like a retard
hella pussy ! he 's sexy as heeeeellllllll .
that bitch need a sedative !
put on some damn clothes
oh well , may as well pour the coffee & start getting shit done
friend i 'm sick and shit
im surprised yo black ass aint at net night with cheese ad and dirty
i sent you a rematch lmfao , you was doing good u ass !
the naacp was ready to burn all of her citizenship & send her back on a riverboat .
no fucking room anyway ! bridgetjones
we gone find us some find mother fuckin new yorkers
lls fool ass ! good morning ! ! !
bitch where you at ? son ! ? !
i know im late but damn this ace hood hustle hard raw as fuck ! ! !
i was tweeting crazy shit and everything
yup ! i can 't w that shit
if i was kob i 'd be bitch slapping the shit out of every laker player
lol that shit had me feeling like that too .
"the fuck you doin ! ? ! ? "" ahahahah p"
da fuck is the game ? lol rt lol i didnt even watch the last two episodes
i 've been doing alot ! jks fuck all ! bored as ! x
tell tht bitch i said fuck her bcuz she never returned my call
yeaa mane its some other shit lol
fucking hell , i just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53 , fuck you broken laptop
who the fuck was that cuz that was mela
you 'd bitch out not to soon after starting .
i would have just scooted over and made room for his fine ass , hahaha
bruh i told you to come up here and fuck wit me
and that didn 't fucking happen
i 'm sorry for asking i ask random shit like that
i haven 't liked her ass since like the second episode i knew she was after my man -
on my late night tweet shit !
fuck off you cunt im lovely , im taking joe for a date on sunday
what 's up with the blue barrel that shit is hilarious !
bitch you said you was sleepy an hour ago ! ?
stats are shit if you don 't like the person
they gotta big ass smelly ass farm for u lol u goooootta come here with meeee
shit mate , talk about put me size 17 ' s in it
got my first summon for jury duty , aint this bout a bitch lol
lls im just fuckin wit u .
i think she 's the fucking piece of shit in that relatioship .
disappointingfilms scream 100 , predictable and generally shit .
dude taxpayers r paying for your sorry ass !
i want to follow me ! just so i can say ' i fucks with da biebs
she 's cool as shit ! - i freakin love your tumblr !
i 've been the laziness piece of shit all week ! are you working school today ?
say yes please give me the fucking meds when i asked
they always ask me do i kno the nigga lol
thats why i said if yall are fucking one another
cuz my mom isn 't replying and i feel like shit and i wanna cry
idc if justin dances on my grave , his sexy ass can do whatever he wannttts
i was shitting myself when she started on me l
i don 't want to fuck up .
little kids talkin back to their mothers ? ? oh hell naw
don 't miss it ! the justin bieber iq challenge quiz , that 's fucking awesome
grant holt , we fuckin love grant holt
shit i was shaking over those pics yesterrday ! and thats just one
fuck you mean ! you not eating well
ew i tried that shit once
i started crying ! it 's so un fucking fair ! ! !
some bitch just ruined harry potter for me
i was scared as shit but my test must have came out good because i still got my job lol
it would be too easy to be miserable w all the shit i put myself through
you dont think ive seen enough of that shit already ? ! loveyou
shit it s alwasy there , you know
how the fuck do you get all these ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? lmao
the old stuff is getting old , time for some new shit ! congrats btw !
yeah he cheating stop fucking with that nerd lol
""" your suffocating me ! "" look , bitch , - -"
so i got a crush on a friend , awww shit
i 'm such a fucked up wreck .
i 'm 35 and still act like a fucking 15 yo lol
he deserves to know he fucked up .
if you wanted to fuck me so badly
sure bitch & lt 7 & lt 7
oh ok my day was good but cold as fuck today
the ipad ain 't got shit on the motorolaxoom
but i made you ' laugh your ass off '
womp womp bitch you scared to show that pie face you got
so is sending abusive messages and hacking your virtual pro you dirty peice of shit
im having the hardest time accepting that shit man ! ! ! irefuse to believe this shit
way to ruin a great convo ! ima fight yo ass if you don 't change your bio tho !
go do something & leave our convo rt fuck both yaull ! ! !
shit idk all i know is today is friday
one minute im happy , the next im pissed ! wtf , my bipolar ass ! lol
i mean damn , he gets away with it , why cant we ! lol .
fuck it let 's get some !
future was loose hahaha so good , fucking epic
plus , my momma was on some golddigger type shit & it was bothersome .
what happened to evil dick ?
but wasssup with that shit .
lol he just rich as fuck
lol or the ralph tresvant sensitivity ass nicca
oh shit ! does it always appear ? where the hell do you live ?
nah i got priorities n shit
da zoo smell like ass .
thought i was the only person that didnt watch that shit lol
shit wasnt lookin so good p
, shut your depressed ass up .
oh but you were like mad close to her before werent you ? and oh shit
fuck no ! now get to work you cunt !
who wanna call me tonight ? nobody ? ok ! fuck - _ _ -
o yes the fuck she is lmao
haha thank youu - it took me forever to make em ! ! rt those look bomb as fuck
but one day i 'll get that pussycat rt i know 90 % of my followers aint getting pussy tonite
take yo ass to sleep then lol
fuck ur life buy me checkers
ain 't shit to do and i wish i was
"so i get fame , wealth and clunge while you get to be "" cool as fuck """
fuck , i suddenly want a dslr really bad .
why you unfollowed me fuck man
beast ass song bro ^ _ ^
no mom ! ! ! i didnt throw anything away you - you bitch !
fyi we did meet dick head !
"just a big ass button "" no , bad"
this shit it too hard .
alli was highhhh as fuck ! lmao
talking bout white people 's water head babies like that
"samethang make you laugh , make you cry "" that shits"
no wonder my friends must think i 'm a twat .
a where all the sexi bitches be
i 'm like super twitchy & shit lol
& november would be a great ass time to go to new york too though ayyye im ready l0l
fuck you thinking you 're mr cool
but then shit was dead
ain 't shit bout to check for this dyckman game
im doing well this misty ass saturday
fuck going on a cruise
marsha ambrosius released a dope album , and watch her shit flop
shit forgot it came out today
what the hell should i wear a fucking turtle neck ?
harry u bbe ur lurking follow us 50 bitches !
this sh * t is bullshit what the point of playing if you cant get on the network
wtf ? is that a new song ? o rt murderdolls - i love to say fuck
ever wish you hadn 't fucked up ? tweeted from wrong account
rt damn i got class in the morning
he 's gonna crawl up my ass or something
skype is being a bitch
i think you are fine as fuck 59
if he buyin his own shit n he flatout
i dont give no fuck ! beyonce is great
i need a bad bitch to make my ugly ass look good ya digg
fucks no i just know redlands area i was always out there
imsotiredof people who talk shit when they don 't have any room talk
sleeping in a dirty school hungry , tired as shit , massive headache , try it !
too latee , my mom fucking slapped me twice for talking back to him \
let 's go to eddie v 's shit is hot !
i wanted to go there confident and shit
it upsets me that those good looks will never grace your bed because hes a chavvy cunt
lol where yo eastern hoes tell dem to hit me up so they cum c me
the fuck is this shit
why the fuck are we talking english ? press 57 for turkish arog
fucking forever 50 what do you mean lol youve taken me to work before caleb
yea but we owe orlando a good beating still piss how they clowned labron with the powder shit
service over , but my mother doin work n shit - _ -
why won 't it ever end ? feeling like shit
i don 't give a flying fuck , to be honest
smh u all fucked up lol
brah im fucked up over here .
and grape kool aid mixed with gin , bitch .
why would you even say i 'm homophobic slut faced hoe bag
"rt "" so tonight i 'll just fuck you like we 're in houston"
heel or face , he 's pretty fucking amazing .
yeaa dat shit wont worth it
lmmfao u brought the shit up now u wanna count years of relevance o ok
lol uu should give a fuck .
blah blah blah , shut up
ryan find ur fuckin own .
being blanked by my best mate silly bitch lol jks please tweet me i miss you x
remember when fighting games were simple and you could just button - mash and still kick ass ?
they not online i tink we should bitch bout them
* sits next to her * rehearsal was terrible and olivia is a jealous bitch .
fuck damit of course i wasn 't thinking i was thinking of nasri haha ! !
and lets get a fuckin ' t - rex !
poor diet and parents that don 't give a shit ! they 're hideous
oh yeah booyaaaaw ! yeah appar shit went down bahaha l xx
mek is a bum & them retarded ass sports analysis said he will be better then dwight howard
all this shit is funny and can go suck one
take the fucking pic nigga ! damn !
u just made me want some dead ass lol fruit punch !
my leg still hurts like a bitch from when i hit it off the table this weekend lol
i 've been saying this shit since before they sent the clocks forward
o _ e that 's fucked up .
i aint een smoke in nat bitch
fuck you been up too phat ass
know good and well they want to show that ass
yu clearly have a bitch made roommate but don 't let him get to yu
lol u g h ! ! ! i 'm 55 damn sleepy
is quick weaves the one with the glue n shit ? or that clip pony tail bulljive ?
booo abby ! wake her ass up !
fuck * she breathes heavily trying to catch her breath *
maybe it has something to do with how much you bitch about them p
i had a good ass night
if your illiterate ass could read you would see my name
no shit ! this is beyond ridiculous
lool nah not perfect in that sense , nobody 's perfect and lool fuck you
fuck this indirect shit im ready fuck it all tell twitter my shit
im bout to just look at truelife smdh aint shit on
dis scruffy shit is apart me
orange to garden grove back to orange then long beach sheeeesh a bitch tired of drivin
* shit ! fuck , you can 't do that mark !
well whoever runs it comes across as more of a cunt than hipsters .
my shits is glossin od i dont like it anymore lol
i hear the flat next door are in the fucking scabs
i dare her to pull that shit in person
you know what haunts me worse ? your ass
you didn 't say bitch , did you ? p
my ex - best friend is being a bitch & stealing all my friends
more bomb ass dresses on there again
are coming and pretending to be elf and claiming what he said was the best shit he ever spoke
we went over this my dick is called penguin - _ -
funny how you talk hella shit about her then go and hangout with her .
you 're an annoying slag , you cunt .
i swear there 's a bunch of loser ass scrub dudes who live in my damn city , smh
hey get a fucking job man its hot as fuck where thad n i are
i fuckin hate this leaky faucet ! this shit is about to drive me insane !
maaaaan fuck that ! my shit might not get here till this afternoon
lol dis guy on maury is on some icey shit
graduation on vogue sucks fkn dick
poke me & i 'll pluck the shit outta you
blockeddd ! ! obviously people think i av no feelings cos im that up my own arse
fuck the lakers and kobe rt
or should i just ruin her life now
i give a fuck about not you or that other fake ass biebliber
i talked shit to will warren today about beating them hahaha epictweet
smh that shit making me mad af , bre ignore his ass .
there it is ashad ! ! ! ! wet oiled asses vol
ohh thats right the queeny lil bitch who cries for attention
next place we go to he 'll find someone else to fuck .
why the hellshould you be proud of shooting people up and doing drugs and pimping bitches ?
rt i just got the shit out my coworker yo , lmaoo o _ o how ? lol
cos she 's a stinky bitch who is stinky .
yes ! we 'll give her a very good ass kicking ! mcfly are on daybreak tomorrow i think !
hes smart if ya ask me ! somebody is finna inbox his sorry ass and quench his thirst lmao
haha thats whasup im surprised ur ass aint twitpic lol or did u
no you havin the same size arms as wee man is unfortunate now get yo ass out my mentions biatch
lol ah you crazy ass nicki fan !
aww yeah coz you 're bitch !
at da end of the year nigga - _ _ _ - wtf lol
by singing ? lol rt my mom breaks every fucking cup in the house
on his bb curve talking about fashion , gucci , john lewis and shit .
you must be talkin bout when i was beating up that nigga lmao .
yeah and u ain 't seen nothing yet ! ! chill shit ! lol u comedian yeah ?
rt shit , looks like fake ass rappers drug dealers get all the females
girl why are you talking down on black girls like that i 'm sure alot of your followers are
bubble girl cuz i swear yo ass lives in a bubble
so , every friday we will fuck all the world ?
define bad ass women on twitter ? ? ?
lol jackson be blowin everyones shit ! you seen that pic of him sleepin on the senior trip ?
good , kicking the shit outta me
dude ur dumb and a liar with ur smelly ass
is so pathetic but she 's happy with it
lol bitch get a life and stop dissing me in french , i understand it very well
lmao you better not cuz u know i will whoop yo ass
this shit is intense but the acting is so bad it makes you laugh
lmao if the lakers win this shit imma wear my 64 throwback for a week fail but idgaf
now that the shit is hitting the fan someone has to clean it up , but the u
the climate change shit is particularly hilarious .
am i fucking 31 what ?
"i call this "" the fuck you pass "" ."
fuck paying for anyone below par .
says the guy trying to to justify when he fucked up .
because there aren 't any fucking consequences
references get made in every single fucking thread about diseases and they are always the same .
because his piece of shit parents covered for him .
what the fuck does that have to do with the left not caring about the truth ?
seriously reddit , just use earth view on google fucking maps google
how the fuck do you think you know the exact amount of malware for osx ?
not supporting a military strike is not equal to not giving a shit .
ptsd can really fuck with a person ! shouldn 't be overlooked .
every time this shit happens .
it seems obvious it was created to just shit post .
it 's fucked up of them to capitalize like this .
an upvote for the chance reference , and an upvote for fucking fox news .
nancy did the same shit with bush
grab some flyers or a voting card instead , the internet is too important to let them fuck up .
trying to actually get shit done .
"i believe he would say , "" he is nuttier than squirrel shit"
people get murdered over this shit .
you ever get the feeling mother nature has had enough of our shit ?
fuck no , kool - aid is delicious , i 've been drinking it this whole time .
they have plans for that shit yo .
i was always iffy about mayo , but now i eat that shit way more than i should .
seriously , what the fuck kind of news have you been watching ?
libya was a european - led operation , you fucking dumbass .
what the fuck do you think happened ?
look at it , it 's at 22 fucking points .
you can 't talk shit like that and represent all the men and women in our country .
he 's mocking you because what you said is fucking dumb and he is right .
he was a fat ass that had a heart attack .
has malaysia fucking said anything correct ? ?
""" wait , shit , so my boyfriend and i are married ?"
shit , i needed new shoes .
are you fucking shitting me ?
i saw the interest rate and about shit myself .
who the fuck are you to invalidate someone 's identity ?
i don 't fucking buy it .
damn , maybe this isis shit is worse than i think .
still a piece of shit even if it works .
i wish the same , but the us won 't do jack shit to him .
its an easy as fuck job .
like in this spying shit .
take that dumb shit to facebook .
i 've driven by lots of cattle farms but holy shit .
it 's 92 in the uk , but nobody gives a shit .
bout to say , all energy commodities are low as shit right now .
why is this piece of shit still in office ?
* * i 'm gonna ask you one more father - fucking time .
well i guess we 're goin' the fuck home then
nice number you pulled directly from your ass .
that shit fucks up my skin .
just being a wise - ass to get karma .
shit donald glover better look out
fuck , that 's the last straw .
it 's the whole idea , to make it a pain in the ass to reporters and recovery workers .
my knees are shit and squatting deeply isn 't really an option .
and shit , portugal is giving him a tough glare
would give crackle a shit ton of exposure .
skyrim sellswords are loyal as fuck .
what fucking year are we living in again ?
at some point its not the fucking system thats broken but the people in it .
where the fuck was i ? ? ? ? ? ?
rms has been warning people about this shit for years before the snowden docs
employed someone who fucked up .
or don 't vote for the anti science anti education anti fucking paying the good damn bills party .
you know how i know you didn 't read the fucking article ?
this is africa people , we can get away with shit like that .
so beer shits are involved .
why the fuck does anyone even read salon ?
what the fuck is wrong with you and everyone commenting on this ?
they offer insurance and other shit .
you signed up for that shit .
my comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this shit .
obama is basically saving their ass by being unpopular too , basically by being republican .
hey man , they 've been letting the north koreans do this shit for decades .
fuck now i want a calzone .
oh shit wait it doesn 't change anything .
how the fuck did they not notice that ?
a whiny little bitch is barking at a bear just awakened from hibernation .
as well as routinely test for a whole host of other shit .
why is this cunt in juvenile court ?
this fucking subreddit i swear .
well fuck , can grandma get a refund for all those t taxes she paid her whole fucking life .
they analyzed their own fucking network logs of their own computer systems .
half of bob marley 's songs are hard as fuck to listen to the lyrics .
time to make up a bunch of those as stickers and stick them all over the fucking station .
he doesn 't give any fucks now .
read the article before posting shit .
it 's not usually republicans taxing the shit out of alcohol and cigarettes .
headscarfs were banned in schools in turkey as well but thanks to fucking erdogan it isn 't anymore .
you either have nukes or you get to be america 's , russia 's , or china 's bitch .
why don 't you contribute meaningfully instead of heaping more shit onto the pile .
why would we be bombing the shit out of them now ?
how many fucking times is this going to be reposted ?
looks pretty fucking accurate to me .
"what the fuck does "" generally considered to be "" mean ?"
every news webpage does this shit now .
are you actually that retarded ?
yeah but we know we 're fucked so we have to be hopeful .
there 's a fucking power level ranking ?
every parent of every child involved in that should be suing the fuck out of everyone responsible .
oh wait american cops beat the shit out of people for filming them .
you think its bad now , you haven 't seen shit yet .
yeah , but then that ungrateful little bastard shit has to deal with you .
somebody steps on you toes - you need to fuck him up to prove youself .
but boy was i glad mourdock got his ass kicked .
who the fuck cares what either of them think ?
the guides fucked up big time .
get rid of these worthless pieces of shit .
its not like we are still fucking at war , its a small presence .
hahahahahahahahahaha - oh shit think of the countless mistakes we 've made .
you tell them to kindly fuck off .
there are ways to prevent spousal abuse , and those ways don 't include a fucking whip .
i don 't get a fucking medal for doing mine .
who the fuck gave the metaphor a jetski ?
fuck the students and the parents that got mad .
""" hey look everyone is eating 31 meals a day , oh shit its from mcdonalds"
so an unsafe and unhealthy living space for the lowest wage , what the fuck ?
fuck gyms , get into a sport .
i don 't give a fuck that she used her own server .
shit must be getting real if canada is getting involved .
i don 't want any fucking normies shitting up my voat .
drunk driving enforcement shouldn 't be an excuse to shit all over someones rights .
no , my dear hammer , it is because people westerners don 't give a fuck about yemen .
there isn 't an age when you get mentally equipped for that level of shit .
that whole site is fucking disgusting .
i do fuck all wrong , but i 'm not making their life easy .
"me too ! "" that day , we 'll be well and truly fucked ."
who the fuck does this guy think he is ?
if liberals are so fucking smart , how come they lose so goddamn always ?
arabs can do whatever the fuck they want .
obviously , they 've got their priorities all fucked up .
israel is damned if they do and damned if they don 't .
i 'd have 93 ga reason to get the fuck out .
yea fuck him for being a member of a party that was elected democratically .
yeah , no shit the drover was scottisj
it 's crazy esp since europeans are always bitching about racism here in the us
holy shit this can 't only end badly , it 'll just end up hurting * everyone * .
they are so shitty + an extra level of shit because they make propaganda out of being shitty .
we really going to have a headline about this shit every day ?
fuck that , i 'm buying a tahoe
well cps can only fuck with you if you have kids .
grow the fuck up , entitled piece of sht .
their civil rights administration is fucking failing so hard .
holy shit the real world is complicated ?
living in germany saved my ass this time .
oh crap , it 's deadmaus in the fucking nyan cat ferrari .
no , apparently the ny times is * not * better than this shit .
the truth is you don 't know shit , you just know what you see on tv .
holy fuck that is quick , just saw it 82 mins ago .
people are not getting it because no one gives a shit
get your head out of your ass !
the shit they do in that video is pretty morbid .
i cannot bear 77 more years of pain in the ass .
shit , we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace financial aid then .
he has run out of cars and shit to break so now he is doing op 's .
this shit has gotten completely out of hand .
aiming a gun at someone like that is fucking inexcusable .
finns fought it against the russians in 91 - 91 finns kicked their asses but still lost .
this is the worst fucking thing .
holy shit and here i am thinking my rent is obscene .
this post needs to be filed under no shit sherlock .
don 't get how shit comments like that even get upvoted here .
came here to read shit talking about usc , south carolina , or the south in general
then i 'm pretty sure isis is fucked .
""" yay , we won ! ! ! oh shit ."
it was like she was saying our audience does not want to hear that mccain , what the fuck .
i mean come on the executive branch that was in charge then gave no fucks .
who holds you accountable for shit like that when you 're 39 ?
other than hitting a barricade - does anybody have any idea why she went ape shit ?
kick your ass in sumo wrestling .
nestl is the worst fucking company on the world , i stopped eating any nestle food things .
why the fuck is obama sending them u
he might have just been having an incredibly good day before this shit happened .
yeah they 're out there throwing people off tall buildings all the fucking time .
they could send a guy with a bomb up his ass and just demoralize us completely .
fucking moralizers here make me want to throw up .
dont fucking go to north korea exactly this .
not only the winning goal but a bigger dick too
he has a point there , except he fucked it up .
he must be shitting gold bricks right now
"because i think there is a big difference which would give me a reason to "" give a fuck """
china tariffs the fuck out of imports .
i 'm still voting no , but holy fucking shit are the no campaigners royally fucking up lately .
no dick waiving , only testing .
why does that shit exist ?
i love it , but it 's fucked up .
just registered to vote because i have put it off way the fuck too long .
sounds like shit to me .
who the fuck are you lol
"donald trump "" how the fuck can you be considered a real party after that ."
for every peice of shit that dies off , 61 more take thier place .
its their money so why the fuck is it your business what they do with their money
i just don 't want this bitch or any of her supporters to have a platform anymore .
i pay the ticket as ordered because * i broke the fucking law .
i 'm usually all about helping but fuck that
that 's some purgatory shit right there .
with my family yeah don 't think so any more fuck that shit .
where we have no in n out burger , not a fucking one
just this whole north korea thing is fucked .
fuck that website was annoying
why the fuck didn 't anyone help .
"not to mention ten thousand dollar fuckin dogs "" officers "" used for weed"
not sure why this shit gets upvoted , let me see some real news .
mexico can be great but it 's fucked up and dangerous at the moment .
catholics shit , they just found the skeletons of 72 children in a septic tank .
look up sarcasm you simple fuck .
yeah that shit goes out the window when you get into a fight .
i 'm scared to put on a fucking hoodie man .
org i am surprised this shit doesn 't happen more often .
the nsa doesn 't give a shit about you .
shit , i never thought of that .
people do unpredictable shit when they fear for their life .
shit this happened in los angeles a few times .
it is quite sad how many people support this kind of shit .
it always is funny to me when someone religious talks shit about another religions views
holy shit , dennis rodman did it .
volunteer ! get the fuck out there and do something !
people like hearing that shit because its easier than working towards actual solutions .
he pedanticized the shit out of that joke .
what if he knows some scary scary shit that forces his weird standings on things like this ?
shit , i was really hoping this was a thing .
holy shit i actually found it youtube .
"not that i side with china and its constant "" fuck all my neighbours everything is mine "" attitude ."
and for fuck 's sake put the thing right down if police show up .
get your ass to mars !
pakistan is a backward shit hole no better than most of africa .
jesus fuck this quote needs to stop .
feds tellin me i cant shit in my own water
game was over , but the refs should have kicked his sorry ass off the field .
too weak , and with too little friends to not give a shit about international law .
why the fuck would you want to be remembered anyway ?
what the fuck is his problem .
what the fuck are you doing assaulting a police officer ?
jesus , what 's with everyone being so fucking negative ?
climate is turning to shit .
well then fucking do it asshole .
being angry all the time at the constant shit and injustice of the world is exhausting .
ill just wait here for the down votes shit ! your question is fully pertinent .
what the fuck else are they busy doing ?
i mean shit we have black bears here in arkansas once you start getting into the ozarks .
they don 't know shit about shit .
oh shit , its going to fall into the abyss and form a godzilla
people don 't give a flying fuck
eh tbh it is a huge dick move
i do too and see no one giving fathers shit for staying at home .
fucking click bait , and to make obama look good after last week .
in america you 'll only hear obama talking shit about putin .
microso$t i cant believe you fucked that up
k is fucked without living there because they govern the exact same way the u .
i would watch that shit on espn .
this is just an asinine statement in my mind of someone trying to save his own ass .
i 'm fuckin with you bro let 's do this
if you 're saying hazing is a good thing , then fuck you .
holy shit , i 'm not alone .
oh wait , no what the fuck is going on in these comments ? ! ?
where the fuck is angry superman ?
are you fucking high or something ?
what the fuck is happening ? ? ?
that , along with using bows and arrows , would really fuck with the feinstein crowd .
a bunch of hamas retards in a pickup truck blew themselves up .
is google fucking broke today ?
another piece of dog shit prosecutor obeys the wealthy overlords and destroys a life .
i don 't give a shit if the people that let me down are north or south of me .
why are people giving this retarded bitch money again ?
why do the people vote for stuff that screws them up the ass .
and i recently graduated this ain 't no class of 21 ' shit .
the us own all the states by debt , the us gets favourable trades , the eu gets fucked .
fuck every one of those cops involved in the kelly thomas murder .
they keep shit like that for the most part , with the odd slip up very closely guarded .
that i don 't really give a shit about .
theres no way that bitch will win .
""" * * where the fuck do you live ? * *"
this is not the time for that shit
"or is that a "" fact "" you 've pulled straight out of your ass ? idiot ."
i wish i could upvote this shit a million times .
these fuckers are just making this shit up as they go along , aren 't they ? !
like where the fuck do you even buy a hippo ?
fuck , why couldn 't this have happened before i purchased my '13 cruze .
osha is a fucking joke these days , we need a real group to protect workers .
jesus christ , what the fuck is wrong with you all ?
go back to your hole you pc fuck boy .
so could hitler , big fucking deal
if this is what the community wants , who gives a shit ?
there is a ton of people there , so your chances increase for weird shit to happen .
seems like shit is getting too hot over there .
okay i feel the reason he is getting the 78 years is because he broke into the fucking house .
you realize you sound like a complete ass when you make statements like these .
anything to get their kids away from these fucking psychos .
why the fuck any woman would join the u
seriously , who gives a shit about his move .
they don 't take shit from anybody .
great , since they started doing this the show has been shit .
those cats take their shit seriously while the us is worshipping lil wayne and nici minaj .
cos i fucking love advocados , broccoli and oranges .
we can 't even do shit about it , just wait for it to crumble beneath them .
the more likely scenario was that he was finger - fucking a loaded gun .
but , * high school football * , no one gives a fuck about .
because at some point falsely accused get tired of this shit and just want to leave .
they must be safe as shit .
unlikely but in the spring such shit can happen .
if the dominating nation is a rogue regime the world is fucked .
they got their shit together .
they told me the shit would get better .
don 't insult the dice man you filthy fuckin' animal aageeesh !
who the fuck twirls guns anymore ?
who the fuck is the world , asshole ?
what the fuck is wrong with the us ?
he is however full of shit .
who the fuck do you think is actually fighting against isis on the ground , dumbass ?
do you guys think india cannot make a fucking robot ?
the truth is probably that very few people in poland noticed or even gave a shit if they did .
i fucking despise the tsa .
better yet , why the fuck was the original article even upvoted ?
wow a couple of shit videos about lying on the net .
i guess the fsa is kicking ass in syria too .
but he saved this baby cos mysterious ways n shit .
four months for five fucking dollars ?
he used shit like this to get around the constitutional restrictions on his power .
i just realized , this guy didn 't do shit .
for fucks sake , we are making some progress here .
you turn in these fucks you would be drinking for free for life
its about fucking time a state does something about this issue .
org fucking bastard in every way he can be .
well fuck you ! but really it 's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue .
jafar was a total dick .
then maybe you should pull your head out of your ass and look in a mirror .
fuck yeah highly trained military war machines \m ,
what the fuck is up with the title ?
"who the fuck is "" we ?"
or should i say dems not voting in midterms and the young not voting has fucked up consequences .
so his shit is valuable but everybody else 's private shit is excess .
oh well , the pieces of shit are dead .
we have every kind of person , we even accept the crazy fucks from your country .
regular run of the mill r politics shit .
fuck it , im out of here
when i was obese i could find shit that fit in under 43 minutes .
would he do this shit ?
thats like shit they do in saudi arabia .
how the fuck are people that cruel ?
who gives a shit whether they work or not ?
fuck man you been watching fox since birth ?
how the fuck are they even gonna get to mexico , honestly ?
he belongs in jail , but obama will probably pardon his ass if it ever comes to it .
dick cheney is a scumbag .
it 's a popular vote and he can 't do shit if 32 percent vote for it .
you might even say he 's losing his shit .
to be fair , they 're a bunch of fucking worthless pigs , and you 're an asshole .
fucked how they just laugh at it .
i know that people feel the need to help , but fuck em ! let nature take its course .
to be fair , most of cleveland is a fucking joke .
do you have evidence for this crock of shit ?
or entering a fucking theme park .
training ukrainian soldiers to kick russian ass
holy shit , the 61 61 view must be hilarious .
this is not fucking equality .
it went over like a shit sandwich .
after you 're arrested , then comes the wage garnishment and shit like that .
dude ham sandwich is the good shit .
seriously what the fuck is wrong with some people ?
surprisingly none of that shit is going on .
stop reporting this shit ! nobody gives a rat 's ass about isis .
rich parents > what the fuck is wrong with these judges and district attorneys .
well if the right got their shit together and had decent candidates it wouldn 't be an issue .
the baltimore harbor cleaner is just take shit sunken to the bottom and picking it up .
i 'd riot and destroy shit , but i have to get up early for work tomorrow morning .
oh man if we didn 't have ins , radar , gps we 'd be totally fucked !
we should make it illegal to steal shit
comcast obviously didn 't learn anything from the verizon fuck up .
still easy as shit to get a gun .
they can do all the crazy shit they like without dragging down the rest of the country
you 're fucking going places my man .
come the fuck on nsa .
ban on 'public food sharing' wtf , shit country
i 'd pay good money for that shit .
when communities support and allow these shitbags - well , shit happens .
just reddit shitting on fox news , nothing to see here .
what the literal fuck is wrong with people ?
employees will do dumb shit at any pay rate .
plus i work in radiology , so i 'm probably fucked anyway .
dps slowly , and by slowly , i mean * * fucking * * slowly
right ? in 16 years we will be bailing out a bankrupt nj , fuck !
i do not consider applesauce i cannot taste to be true applesauce , bitch .
fuck that 's a good point .
shit man i do that too also the jeff hardy intro thing he used to do
come and fucking take it .
what the fuck does that have to do with this bill ?
we get a new flu shot every year because of fucking evolution .
to feel like shit about the thing i thought was good for me .
i can 't muster up enough fucks to give to google the chick .
agreed , who gives a shit what amazon bans ?
that is why i called nature a cold hearted bitch .
looks like the fucking nra won .
they stopped inviting him back to the debates when he was doing this shit in 58 .
what the fuck would you know about being hungry ?
why the shit does this need to be part of your constitution ?
fuck improvement , we must monetize it !
all that neat shit you 've got now - heroin money .
it 's a stressful , hard as fuck job .
they 're there doing a job and catching all the shit for it
he could have used a fucking car for fuck 's sake .
your question has jack shit to do with the point being made
it doesn 't matter considering anyone over 42 is 42 ing it up and fucking themselves
i mean shit , weren 't voting machines confirmed to be rigged last election ?
lmao really that fucking necklace thing again ?
as a native new jerseyan i 'm deeply offended ^ah , ^fuck , ^who ^am ^i ^kidding
seriously dont we have anything better to address than this shit .
i always knew those guys were fucking .
the war on terror was waged on the wrong fucking concept .
how the fuck did we go 42 degrees on this ?
the person who replied to you is talking shit .
just keep fucking with the people and see what happens .
i can 't believe we still give a shit about russia .
poor sissy dick is going to have go over and fight himself if it is so important .
that 's not how science works , retard .
could have gone with fucking hospital treatment .
jesus , don 't post this shit here , it 's not news , let alone worldnews .
i don 't , but i also don 't give a shit if i like a president or not .
thanks howard government for that awesome deregulation , that shit is always good !
what are they , fucking high ?
when you 're emotional like a pmsing bitch , boy , you cannot analyze any information correctly .
you can 't wear glasses like those and be completely full of shit .
shit liberia , get it together
go fuck some goats or something .
r fellowkids and really they fucked that up , too .
fuck everybody , because why not !
my point was that they don 't give a fuck about what the world thinks about them .
is this shit ever gonna end ?
you take pills to help with all other shit .
itt a shit ton of islamophobia .
he was speeding through residential areas being reckless as fuck .
cameras can 't see shit when they are covered in smoke .
wow , the times is usually good on this shit .
i love how many stupid fucking cunts are defending this woman in the comments on that site .
i 'm going with rock inside the chute or piece of frozen shit from a plane .
wait you mean the same shit russia said would happen to russians ? ? ?
it 's right fucking there in the constitution .
who the fuck uploads that to tumblr and expects nothing to happen ?
bring on the fucking downvotes by this point i register them as upvotes .
these things are everywhere , the breed like rats and they are hostile as all fuck .
it is my opinion that not only does god love 'fags' , he also loves fred phelps .
i haven 't been fucked like that since grade school .
of course this shit again .
that shit went down and you should find out what ?
more like a pistol - fuck .
you are right , they could give less than a shit about what an individual thinks .
what the fuck is the point behind this ?
or you just pulling stuff out of your ass ?
they sold their souls and that shit 's forever .
get your shit together , us .
fuck people who said that it would increase crime and delinquency .
those people don 't give a fuck about nuking their own land .
yeah , you voted for that cunt .
and why the fuck are you doing it ?
for real , i fucking actually laughed out loud when i saw this stickied on my front page
yeah , that made me what the fuck when i heard it .
my alarm is quite willing to bite the shit out of someone .
? the fuck 's wrong with you dude ?
yah fuck this guy for helping out rhinos !
"you must be in a state where politicians get elected by saying - "" yeah , fuck the environment ."
"yup this is a textbook case of what they term a "" legal ass reaming "" ."
don 't blame canada for your provinces shit .
all the scandals and such shit reporting on it and bias .
pull that copy of the guardian out your ass .
the chinese waitresses , however , did not give a fuck .
sorry but any plan in which kids die is a fuckn shit plan .
damnit , bitch put me in the oakzone .
so you are a coward and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ? pussy .
you make an ass out of u and mere .
yeah malaysia is finding out shit after reddit does , that 's sad
this post made me fucking lawl
oh shit , i feel terrible because i just assumed it was a cop shooting .
holy fuck this subreddit is fucked
how the fuck do you guys not have proper gun control or even no guns at all ?
com holy shit you are right
* what the flying arsing fuck ?
seriously , it 's really fucking cold up there .
dude he 's a fucking dumbass blind herpderp .
my new slogan is i don 't give a fuck !
where the fuck are the cops ?
gotta take a dictionary out for this shit goddamn
you lack of understanding about jack shit means nothing .
pardon my ignorance but why the fuck is this even a thing ?
let them say whatever the fuck they want .
if it will potentially save a life then why the fuck not ?
you have to wonder where the fuck they got those m - 40 .
boy , reddit loves shitting all over accomplished women , huh ?
don 't tell me who to fuck .
but russia would just not give a shit .
eternal victims , always with their asses chapped about something .
they never did shit like this .
enough with this fucking story .
i like oklahoma so all y 'all can go fuck yourselves .
another piece of evidence of ohio being the biggest speed trap piece of shit state ever
yeah occupy wall street doesn 't have shit on whats going on in hong kong right now .
"what 's the british equivalent of "" murica , fuck yeah ! """
which is scary as fuck .
so it won 't work for shit like the overpriced website for a bs law .
we need to boycott stores that pull this shit .
that ! ! ! ! but seriously fuck islam and all those who adhere to it .
they will have the troops already there to ensure ukraine can 't do shit about it .
and they don 't take shit from multiculturalist leeches either .
ftfy > i 'm so embarrassed of republicans the republican party is entirely responsible for this shit show .
we install adblock in order to not read that shit
fuck , i will be glad when we finally have those fuckers marginalized .
that 's a fucking shame , carrey was a cool guy up until this point .
holy shit , how have we not heard about this ?
that 's just one fucking federal program .
they have always treated the indigenous people like shit .
roger that who the fuck is roger
getting tired of their shit .
then we will have another shit pile on our hands .
she is different to obama you dumb redneck piece of shit .
that 's pretty fucked up right there .
this is kind of like that , except that the infant is usually too smart for that shit .
he 's all dead and stuff , and the cops are walking around free as shit .
if only i gave a fuck about what you have to say
fuck obamacare and fuck the op for posting this garbage of a story .
why the fuck was he even armed in the first place ?
the reality is that they have the capability to seriously fuck shit up fast if they wanted to .
fuck u shithead , we have real people being saved , women &amp children too .
holy fuck , that is a big hand !
sure as shit wasn 't suvs .
try to tell me that shit ain 't related and i 'll laugh in your face .
face down , ass up , that 's how transformers like to truck !
oh shit partner , laughing so hard i got tears in me eyes .
also , super fucking easy to get the entire marriage voided , as this is clearly under duress .
congress fuck that ! that shit wont last ! moar sanctions !
don 't you mean , * udder * shit ?
read it , then search the name you fucking idiot
why does everyone keep giving brett favre shit ?
because china never stops fuckin' with them
"is the saying "" shit rolls down hill "" only used in the us ?"
shit , you people are stupid .
sorry , but i don 't want shit splashing all over my car .
their hard drives are shit .
more worth the effort what the fuck ?
fuck you wat you gonna do about it
tell him her it tasted like shit .
hello ? i asked you a fucking question .
if britain had just had their shit together in the 3 s we wouldn 't be having this discussion .
you dont have kims resources so no shit
what the fuck is wrong with the da for accepting that plea deal ?
it 's still a shit hole for a vast majority of people over there .
i don 't think shit was ever not real .
in other words , be an actual fucking political activist .
this is some clockwork orange level shit
wholly shit 21 , 21 , 21 that should convince th un to write a sternly worded letter .
and if so what the ever living fuck ?
thats has nothing to do with any you fucking idiot .
that is a fucking brilliant plan , actually .
don 't be a fucking adjunct professor then , or move out of nyc .
god , talk about a shit job .
"fuck you i think it 's hilarious ! "" george carlin"
russia is weak as fuck .
no shit the bikers retaliated , they watched like 99 of their friends become handicap .
it 's the first fucking line of the article .
haha , you deserve life , but this bitter bitching is all you can do with it , lmao
mao didn 't give a fuck about the lives of his countrymen .
well holy shit , maybe rodman wasn 't hallucinating .
if it was a 39 , the republicans were tongue deep in his ass .
how the fuck am i supposed to feel about this at 13 am drunk ?
i 'd rather have a fucking root canal .
this shit is just straight up crazy dude .
until they get a fucking warrant , they have nothing .
the ucmj isn 't ok with that shit .
you are probably the second pro - palestinian who is actually reasonable when it comes to shit like this .
you see how you have been fucked in the ass again .
our generation wouldn 't revolt if the government literally shit on our faces .
greece , on the other hand , will be fucked for the next couple of decades .
a hazmat suit won 't help shit if you don 't use it properly or follow proper procedures .
i cant believe shit like this get 's upvoted
! the fuck kind of explanation is that for something you want people to be aware of ?
this the kinda shit that earns you final jeopardy question status .
clear hamas and it 's supports are the cause of what will be the resulting shit storm .
we already have a shit ton of stadiums and we don 't have slaves
why would we give a shit what he thinks ?
because i want to visit , but all this cop shit is really disturbing .
the fuck does a 1 lb 1 year old know about modern life ?
well , no shit they 'll infiltrate
who the fuck cares what he has to fucking say ?
"would you get the fuck out of here with your "" scientific method "" bullshit ."
people still bitch , everyone knows they 're just forcing the outrage though .
dude fuck that was hilarious , i haven 't laughed that hard in a week .
nothing , this guy is talking out of his ass .
oh , fuck , man , why so cruel ?
that would make more sense if anyone gave a shit about pyongyang 's saber ratting anymore .
why do only the shit restaurants remain _
in other words , they 're pussies .
lol ! they shit on the mayor and the protestors , and now they won 't shit any more .
the pope is still the fucking pope , he was going to get press no matter what .
jesus h christ the internet is fucking dreadful .
who gives a shit what they 'ban ? '
israel being lying sacks of shit ?
"and a big fucking difference between "" on a military mission "" and "" dicking around in commercial flightpaths """
holy shit a post about the holodomor not down voted into obscurity .
fuck i am flying today for the first time in my life .
too damn late but - what you said reminds me of a 'relevant as fuck' chomsky quote .
but jesus fuck take a few seconds to consider others and idk , not drive while high .
but you do risk being shot in the face by dick even though he has no gun permit
she was 34 when he fucked her .
yeah , the japanese military had their shit a bit more together than isis , however .
i think they 're great ! i think they 're fucking great !
they claim they hate the west but check out their cool phones and watches and shit .
that 's because privacy fucking isn 't a joke .
if everyone went into engineering i wouldn 't get paid shit .
shit is selling out left and right i doubt amazon is complaining as much as people here are .
is it fucked up that i laughed really hard at your comment ?
maybe children if they are toddlers but once they are above 84 shit changes .
wait , you want a vibe to fuck your shit ?
that 's why europe has gotten more fucked over the last 13 years .
peace loving people my ass .
i 'm looking at you elysium , you dip shit
with the least sharp knife laying around , fuck , do it with a wooden knife .
there was some pretty stupid shit in there .
a hillary presidency would be a shit show from beginning to end .
our foreign policy is a fucking joke .
democracy is fucking me in my ass
because putin doesn 't give a fuck what the west thinks anymore i
serisouly get a fucking job and maybe you would of not been so poor
the man is an absolute piece of shit .
do you want an ass kicking ?
"i believed this "" few bad apples "" thing , but we get these fucking headlines every fucking week ."
in this case , they 've done some shit and piss .
what the fuck is wrong with you , u
flying to houston , though right now we are over the middle of butt fuck no where aka clouds
except the shit within india i suppose .
erdoan is a piece of shit cubed .
i mean , i did , because fuck that , but i guess i was a rebel .
doesnt geffen own a fucking island ?
fuck him for not wanting to fund decades of pointless wars .
you make it sound like they have a central repository of snapchats so basically shits and child porn
that 's some central african voodoo shit right there .
sunnis in iraq don 't do shit .
better keep your dick in your pants , or the number of a midwife in your pocket .
clearly the courts have given some shit about gender in dealing out harsher penalties to men .
fuck both of these anti - social assholes .
their leader is complete shit , but no one mentioned war with turkey .
already have mine as a dog 's ass .
racism shit is played out and over pointed .
you must have one of those japanese drones that can warm and wash your ass .
jesus fucking christ the comments in this thread are disgraceful .
my government is run by fucking retards .
kurds have done some pretty nasty shit too .
let me know when we invade fucking mexico .
you don 't see zimbabwe pulling this kind of shit .
you can 't seriously think the poor are not also fucked ?
more like putin should stay the fuck home &amp mind his own business .
world cup 82 greenland ! because fuck it !
why would we wipe a criminal 's ass after they 've done something wrong ?
lawrence o 'donnell is a fucking cunt .
only a fucking child or leo would read that much into something .
yeah , no , life under hosni mubarak was a fucking dream .
it 's really bull shit that we all pretend like the vatican is a country .
give me a break with this white pity shit .
show your sources instead of downvoting you little cunts .
reguarless of what their intentions were , its fucked up that you voted against giving benefits to veterans .
because you 're so much fucking different
australia is a shit show , my friend .
not trying to be dick , genuinely curious
"the basic premise just in the title is fucking nonsense "" a world seemingly spinning out of control """
why would i give a shit if an iranian missile can hit europe ?
the horses were kept in terrible conditions and the park always smelled like horse shit .
fuck that , i ain 't supporting a company as nutless as this .
yeah she better go ass to mouth or toss his salad for that !
cheers man , you glorious son of a bitch .
yeah , don 't underestimate the amount of shit people will do for free when they are zealous enough .
but does that really mean all the shit being done by the rioters should be okay 'd ?
in the end , you 're just being a dick to be a dick .
we are not , in any way , allowing shit to hit the fan again .
not to bash her more than necessary , but she just sucks ass .
all he can do is fuck up a fer - sure win for the dems .
that 's how i know you 're full of shit .
as a lithuanian who 's country has been occupied by soviets before shit .
if someone 's sexual orientation or gender makes you uncomfortable you can fuck off or get comfortable with it .
is that english are you too high to write coherently ? punk ass
sandy fucked over new york , which would have been nothing for us in la .
he is a fucking nut job for suggesting mercantilism .
it bothers me that you tried to make such a weak - ass joke , yes .
but holy shit that is one fucked up regime
libyans had free health care before your boy barry fucked everything up .
how in the hell does gsa miss shit like that ?
fuck off , you inconsiderate twat .
who gives an actual fuck about this ?
like canada fucked texas and the offspring moved to asia .
because it was a cop and cops can do whatever the fuck they want you peasant
because he 's not a fucking idiot .
fucks not given by reddit ceo reaches 68 , 68 .
russia came in , told ukraine to fuck off , crimea is russian again .
agreed , go bhuddists ! get that shit out of your country .
you also fucked up by posting that shit here .
this subreddit is full of retards
the pm who got $700 million certainly wasn 't fucked over .
that would be an insult to cunts all over the world .
is he still kissing sheldon 's ass after the 'occupied territories' remark ?
the world 's a kind of fucked up place unfortunately .
if we cant attack iran fuck it then nebraska
if you got fucked just work harder that will show um .
so now we 're fucking tribles ?
who dreamt this retarded shit up ?
most people on here are fucked in the head .
a cunt is a cunt .
they 're prawns , you fucking pleb .
it 's an utter shame that these retards will be allowed to vote in a few years .
now go eat a bag of shit .
time to fuck putin in the ass
approve that fucking pipeline already .
turkey is so full of shit in this .
he actually punched him in the head hard enough to knock the officer back on his ass .
cunt 's too gutless to risk a double dissolution .
why is the uk always making up new weird and pointless laws all the fucking time ?
so should all teachers lose their pensions if one of them fucks an underage student ?
your post is ignorant as fuck .
i 've not tried ie9 and 9 since those fuck with skype .
holy shit , you people live in a fantasy land with no basis in reality .
what is this shit about funerals are solely to comfort the living ?
the car dealership folks are being real dicks in this video .
* facepalm * oh , wait , shit ! now i have ebola !
jokes on them , the flying spagetti monster gives not a fuck about either of them
looking back , the gop and congress are dogshit and people can 't remember shit .
i will definitely be rioting if that shit is brought to the ice cream protest .
don 't lump all of us in with some backwoods bigoted fuck that can 't do their job !
they bitch slapped that plane right out of the sky .
two completely different things , didn 't you get verbally bitch smacked over this a lil while ago ?
it may be a shit post , but so is yours .
why did someone give you gold for that shit comment ?
he 's not disagreeing , he 's just saying it 's shit .
if the us goes down , you and most of the rest of the world is in deep shit .
who the fuck are you people friends with ?
what the fuck is going on in france ? ! ? ! ?
it 's looking pretty fucking goddamn hilarious already .
it 's like a fucking tea party meetup .
he 's not serious just trying to save face since everything else he 's touched has gone to shit .
hey , soy is fucking awesome .
if i have to go outside anyhow , fuck it , i 'm having a real cigarette .
they point it as shit and shit shoots out .
say hello to freedom bitches .
that 's because the bad shit gets blown out of proportion .
holy shit , that is al franken ! i had not actually made that connection before .
why isn 't the fucking un doing something here ?
i don 't really give a shit who makes it .
if you want privacy its not fucking hard to have .
he was laying in bed sobbing his ass off at how bad his life has been .
pakistan does this shit frequently like north korea does .
don 't underestimate loneliness and isolation , people can do crazy shit .
let them figure their shit out .
the article is from a fucking tabloid dude .
otherwise shit might have gotten real .
haha i fucking love that i was being sarcastic and you just vomited a whole shit load of truth .
and for that i am sorry ! but not really because it 's fucking neat .
fuck begin , former leader of terrorist group irgun , got one in 28
yeah that and the fuck china bullshit you see 50 times a day on here .
why should kerry give a fuck ?
funny how the people that it 's supposed to offend don 't give a shit , isn 't it ?
he beat the shit out of a lot of men too , but one woman and it 's a tragedy
"slightly off topic - drew carry 's "" big dick "" jokes were some of my favorite jokes ever ."
defense fucked up cause silva wasn 't playing .
wisconsin , step up your fucking game .
you remember that last time japan got all drunk and went all insane on china and shit .
the cops where i live are chill as fuck i 'm not too worried about myself .
his feels , or employment , don 't override my food not having ass on it .
no shit people want their government to ban what they don 't want .
thats a pretty fucking simplistic view of it
well in real life you 're still a cunt
too busy sucking fucks are we ?
liveleak confirmed for shit - tier website now .
its not a fucking contest .
that probably felt fucking amazing for about 23 seconds .
why the fuck are they now suddenly so anti - net neutrality ! ?
the woz called that shit years ago .
there aren 't any , and i doubt he 'll admit to talking out his ass .
oh man , fuck you for making me laugh my sleep away .
this sort of shit was part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades .
jesus fucking christ these girls are going places literally and figuratively .
good , atheists are irritating as fuck .
"well that answers my first thought of , "" how the fuck is this even a law ."
"how the fuck do you know who is in this "" group "" ?"
"it isn 't a symbol of "" southern pride "" , its just fucking racism ."
if i ever experience one , i 'll probably be traumatized and cry like a bitch .
fuck this , i 'm outta here .
hahaha , at least its nae fuckin two stripe
"this is like some "" 39 mm "" shit ."
no one gives a shit brah .
hardliners are fucking imploding right now , i guess .
they don 't give a fuck how they look in the media .
honestly though , what the fuck was this guy doing walking around with a sword in the first place ?
* * that 's how the free market works - bosses that fuck over their employees .
lol jesus fucking christ how can you rationalize this shit to yourself
i hope he fucks everything up in the gop and then runs independent or drops out completely .
things go south and in general , i 'm losing 20 % of my shit .
same shit that happened with the officer who shot at the running black man .
fucking welfare check in uniform .
shit was really expensive there , but it was the cleanest place i 've ever been ad beautiful .
gov it 's not even on the fucking list for caucasians .
holy shit ! obama caused a revolution ?
"how the fuck do people with "" regular "" incomes afford to live up there ?"
you hit a couple and the rest will run like the cowardly stains of shit they are
now i 've fucking heard everything .
shit , how much does reddit owe you ?
he 's telling you your title is shit , because it is .
how in the fuck do you know what degree people got ?
i was saying the same shit a few weeks back .
instant downvote by shit americunts , alright no surprise really .
who the fuck is buying this oil anyway ?
you still don 't get it because none of that shit happened .
the poor should get to fucking work .
the nsa shit aint obama 's fault
the guy who tackled the gunman if it 's true is a fucking legend
football was starting to go to hell from the rules on the field and now all this shit .
well , this video is pure fuckin' insanity .
it serious shit but hey .
and yet , no fucks are given about sam dubois .
they make new whales every day bitch #joerogan
yes , they already fucked up .
shit yeah ! that 's a good ass name !
fuck that , i hope she gets funding to open up a yoga franchise .
it 's time we go in again and clean some shit off .
he 's selling a narrative the same as stewart and his people eat this shit up too .
the reality is most of us are bitches sitting behind a computer typing .
"and a smart car "" fits "" four , but it 's fucking uncomfortable ."
when a war like that gets started shit gets a whole lot worse before it gets any better .
if it doesn 't make sales go up , they don 't give a rats ass .
you 'd hit the fucking ceiling
shit , i feel sorry for that house .
you can say the same saracastic shit about america
40 billion and then send some fucking troops in to find some missing teenage girls ?
our elections are so fundamentally fucked .
no shit , there are negative health impacts that come from being near a nuclear disaster ?
fuck it , i 'm voting greens .
do we really think the bad guys won 't fucking win huge in this one too ?
it 's fucked up , but that 's how it works .
all my data are already visible to the government , so fuck it , why not ?
until we fix a broken system the cameras aren 't going to do shit .
who the fuck wants an electronic signal to control if your gun fires or not ?
we do perfectly fine without shooting shit up .
fuck it let them keep taking it all from our troops til they have nothing .
hamas doesn 't give a fuck about palestinian children .
she 's a spoiled bitch that has a lot to learn about life .
has that shit head from turkey had anything to say about this yet ?
how about they just fuck off and figure shit out for themselves then .
can 't feed won 't help most of their citizens , has money to send shit to mars .
fuck i wish i had the money to buy bitcoins right now .
this shit is about to get real .
why doesn 't fifa give a shit ?
once something makes the news in our current climate , weird shit happens in both directions .
why are they so fucking greedy ?
and a shit load of republicans out of the job .
they 'd all crush his smug ass .
hey guy who points shit out oh wait
a shitload of my friends peers are fucking idiots as well .
no we should not do that , what the fuck is wrong with you .
jesus fuck they need to be trained on stuff like that .
and business as usual is fucked up .
shit i 'm all for it .
also , smoking 81 grams of tobacco at once would be fucking awful .
he is a fucking asshole .
or how about you go fuck yourself ?
if the rs were worried about that shit they 'd be the ds
when there 's only 57 of the rhinos left , that shit is going to be expensive .
my uncle got sniped , i know some shit .
i rather work twice as hard and rip my ass off .
fuck law enforcement ! this shit is so far out of hand .
they fucked up entering coordinates on their star gate .
where did the shit come from ? ? ?
stay the fuck out of syria .
you can 't fucking steal drugs and then fucking sell them from the evidence locker .
these retards in stl did this just fine on their own .
com fuck the civilians that need water right ?
itt people cunts who don 't recognize a joke when they see one .
i just want grow up an do hood rat shit with my friends .
source every fucking time the stock market tanks
he grew up in a society where that shit was normal same as in europe at the time .
if you 're not a total fuck up , you can see a pension at 80 .
shit , maybe this guy is trying to cause a radical uprising right now ! get him !
if this happens i will shit in a bowl , eat it , and shutdown guantanamo .
it 's europe 's fucking job because that 's where the refugees are going .
if the world cup wasn 't happening right now , nobody would give a shit about this .
when i was younger i had no fucking idea what they were saying on this line
it 's fucking swift boating all over again .
we take away their fucking guns .
maybe cnn finally figured out that 36 36 news coverage is what creates those sadistic fucks .
ya sounds like a great fucking canadian guy this harper .
millionaires sons every fucking one .
i 'd say he 's a twat , but also he 's got something wrong with his brain .
cops don 't give a shit about collateral damage and even though you called they might shoot you too .
maybe a shit ton of people in japan are gay .
""" but they give a shit if you say you drive a mazda when really you drive a mercedes ."
that is some straight up ministry of truth shit right there .
fuck everyone who supports saudi arabia .
mexico is a fucking horrible place to live
how the fuck did 77 people upvote that .
they 're going to give er shit against whatever is threatening it 's family .
aw shit , he 's getting out in a year ?
what in the fuck kind of waging war is this ?
fuck everyone else , i got mine .
but with boko haram it 's biting them in the ass now
its all beginning to meld into the same sack of shit .
watch fox news and find one time that they have failed to blame obama for shit the house does
it amazes me that people work their fucking asses off in a job for 69 , 69 dollars .
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article "" opinion analysis "" fuck them"
yeah , that 's pretty fucking rude .
i 'm so tired of this shit
if those numbers are true that is fucking scary .
let 's just seal that shit up so any down the line mutations are of little concern
com see everyone flipping shit in that thread ?
what the fuck is an african lynch mob ?
my point is that you 're full of shit and nobody wanted to pay 54 for a
i think they would want their shit back more than they would want you dead .
srry for the inaccuracy , not trying to be a dick to kids wit shity parents .
have some respect for other people and their shit
aliens must think we 're so fucking weird .
* missiles in the air * shit boys , this is a big deal !
they would bitch about anyone nominated by president obama .
they know what they 're fucking doing by keeping the workers poor .
shit , i almost went apoplectic today when that was mentioned .
yeah lets let top members of middle east terrorist organizations free , that wont bite us in the ass
i think it might be time to take a fucking hint , guys .
india needs to get its shit together regarding daughters speaking as son of indian immigrants
pretty much all the awful shit about those two came to light two or three elections ago .
would you fucking stop with these lies ?
the fuck is he going to do ?
ugh fuck the king of sa he is a real fuckin douche bag .
they don 't have the fucking money , or aren 't planning on giving it back .
it 's fucking amazing that opportunity is still at it , too .
oh , someone is definitely getting fucked .
* of course i don 't support fucking looting * .
no shit afghanistan didn 't attack on 24 24 , bin laden did , who was guess what ?
never release that son - of - a - bitch .
holy fuck ! whoever made that is a straight up motherfucking genius .
rioting because someone tore a page out of a fucking book ?
burning this bitch down isn 't gonna fucking bring their son back
fact this article is full of shit .
im no tough guy but there 's no way i don 't physically remove his fuckin bag from that seat
unless he 's making the shit then he shouldn 't go to jail at all .
implying both of those shows don 't kick ass .
once the fires start up , the time for talking about shit 's over .
wiretapping ? how the fuck is recording an open - air conversation * wiretapping * ?
they 're actually getting ready to fuck ukraine 's ass with hotsauce lube .
holy shit the comments in there make me want to star throwing rocks .
lol , that vid is phony as fuck .
it 's in the bloody original link you fucking troglodyte .
awww fuck , this is not going well .
fucking christ these comments are terrible .
reddit didn 't give a shit about dubai until this week when the whipping videos surfaced
it would be a ratings fucking tsunami .
vw fucked you , not the government
they certainly didn 't do shit when india invaded portuguese goa .
get the fuck out of here , this isn 't a gun problem .
actually , it 's common sense for kids to be able to carry their fucking inhalers .
just because the us doesn 't , it means jack shit for the rest of the world .
they 're fucked up by both parties .
then everyone says the area went to shit because whites left .
that shit is just factually incorrect .
don 't forget watching cat videos in 67 p because they can 't see shit .
they are just trying to cover their asses .
proper hobo barrel fires to keep warm and shit when i was there
basically they were up shit creek either way .
do - it - yourselfers can all go fuck themselves .
at least with fifa , the players get paid so they can buy shit like food for themselves .
these days a kid makes a mistake it will fucking stick .
this , again , needs context no , this fucking shit does not need any context at all .
things are really fucked up now .
if you think 95 k isn 't a lot you are absolutely fucking shit with money
is it just me not reading the news or is shit hitting the fan more this summer ?
it could be a dollar and they 'd still bitch about it .
nobody could possibly make up the shit these people say .
why the fuck are people calling this a crash ?
the uk is too scared to do shit .
with attitudes like yours , it 's no wonder the political landscape is such a shit show .
dress how the fuck you want .
if that crowd decides to surge you 're fucked .
god damn it , now i might have to get up off my ass and do some work .
and the food industry is so go at how it markets people defend that shit .
you give at least enough fucks to comment on him .
half the time it 's dumb ass kids doing it , just like in los angeles .
i feel so fucking bad for the palestinians .
fucking imagine obama just put the hands up and keep a good distance between he and cruz .
anyone who doesn 't kiss the ayatollah 's ass must be expelled to keep your ranks pure .
why is it that when a conservative repeats talking points everyone loses their shit .
"the "" overspending factor "" was pulled from the same ass that the $50 bln figure comes from ."
well their not soft pussies .
then change the channel , you bigoted piece of shit .
there 's a whole lot of shit going down that doesn 't support sweeping generalizations like that at all .
yeah man warm temperatures in a warm environment fucking crazy how climate change works
s6 looks just like a god damn iphone ffs .
the dude on the right is like fuck those guys .
"i read that as more of a "" what the fuck , i 've done it again """
you can thank columbus , ga for that shit .
wasn 't the rhetoric that i could only catch this if i handled an ebola patients blood and shit ?
that is a fucking long time .
how the fuck are there still people that defend these monsters .
shit i could probably make more money selling thin mints at their walmart entrances than i do working .
what the fuck is your problem anyway ?
my grandparents said a lot of crazy shit .
man these fucking poor people will bitch about anything won 't they ?
yeah bentley is doing a lot to fuck the state of alabama up .
yeah the joke was made 55 fucking times already
holy fuck , do those kids need gold - lined sneakers or something ?
i 'm gonna need some sources here or you 're full of shit .
well did we fucking hit em back yet ? ? ? ?
now their shit seed has spawned a shit tree .
including packing the tinder for this type of shit
you obama dick riders must be so pleased .
fuck up big , get a nice paid vacation .
oh fuck off , i 'm outa here .
the rebels are fucking scum of the earth who are a way worse option then the current government .
rape is rape and it 's not fucking funny people .
which is pretty fucking fast .
also , this is just fucking weird .
seriously it is so fucked up
i don 't suspect this is a big fucking deal since real bombs happen on a daily basis .
what kind of fucked up person tries to blow himself up by a school ?
either way go fuck yourself .
regardless the guy is still seedy as fuck .
but if you poke a bear don 't be surprised when it tears your fucking face off .
my dad can kick your dad 's ass .
even bush knows he fucked up .
who really cares about this shit honestly ?
most of the shit on sale here was stuff you 'd find in the bag of crap .
they 're blowing smoke up your ass when they tell you they are protecting and serving .
we 're not gonna miss jack shit when fracking stops .
what the fuck is night cheese ?
there 's no nicer way to say this you could start by not saying fuck in every comment .
now we 've both said crazy shit ! i love the internet .
you seem to be very concerned with snowden 's dick .
pterodactyl edit fuck i just realized that made me the pink ranger
why the fuck do people from real countries keep going to these arab shit holes ? seriously .
mind your own fucking business , assholes .
i don 't even care what the article is , get this click bait title shit out of here .
speaker boner is a dick .
and they 're ill , so it all like diarrhea and shit .
i am sick of hearing about this old fuck who doesn 't know how to groom himself .
yeah , and who gives a fuck about kazakhstan ?
for fucks sake dea - how much more evidence do you need ?
next time try actually using your fucking brain before deciding to commit a crime .
rich people fucked the entire planet in the ass by playing games with the world economy .
yeah , because you can 't do a shit about it .
its entertaining , but for fucks sake why do they boldly walk right into the meat grinder like that ?
hot shit breaking news , i didn 't
you don 't get to negotiate shit then you 're using headhunters wrong .
what the fuck is wrong with europe ?
the movie is pretty fucking tasteless , but i agree with you .
they don 't give a fuck - they only exist to keep slave labor a reality for fpi .
no shit , that 's why i said i was all for this law .
just saying it publicly will make conservatives flip their shit
omg why even comment if you don 't know shit about fuck .
no one can pay attention when trump is shitting on everything .
oil ! they annexed the oil ! what a fuckin idiot !
why in the fuck do we need machines anyway ?
no chance they 'd believe that shit if mike brown was white .
i wouldn 't give a shit if he was drawn and quartered .
your name is fucking accurate .
ha , i wish you were intelligent enough to realize just how dumb your comment is .
both sides like rich guys , but one side really gets off on fucking the lower and middle classes .
one man alone is not responsible for a fucked up government .
what will it take to fix this shit ?
the cia is masterful at fucking shit up .
holy fuck that makes it so much worse
we beat their ass every time anyway .
there is absolutely no excuse for this shit .
i defend my street with sticks , harsh language and my fuckin' good looks .
yeah who needs trade and progress and shit .
macarthur left us with a very strange japan , and he was fired for shits sake .
send in the fucking national guard .
she has a child and no fucking healthcare ?
damn , you know shit 's bad when china has to say it should be transparent .
shit , that crash should have killed him instead .
fucking cisco sold them the hardware .
productivity is off the fucking charts .
you get a fucking warrant ! ! ! it 's not hard dude .
what the fuck is wrong with the uk recently ?
this isn 't even the top of the wired shit .
"too bad you can 't "" de - fuck "" those boys ."
not a safe vehicle to be on when everyone around it drives like shit .
god damn , how does anyone vote for these fuckers ?
you can gag all sorts of shit prior and during a trial for all sorts of reasons .
i 'm not afraid of spiders just shit in the middle east .
yeah , you stay whereever the fuck you are , we dont need you in mexico
prices were still shit , and the crowds were ridiculous .
holy shit , you mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised ? !
honestly , who the fuck cares what stupid words you have to recite ?
fuck that , cash out and buy a fireproof safe .
new zealand redditors need to identify themselves so i don 't cause undue stress by talking shit to them .
it 's kinda , no , very fucked up .
bitches dont serve people , but hiding like lice .
it 's fucking vapid and so are most of its users .
he 's having the electorate on , easiest job in the fucking world .
sinkholes scare the shit out of me .
we shootin' ak 's tonight , all the bitches takin' off their hijab 's tonight
what the fuck do you expect them to do ?
ehh , one of those shit piles has flowers growing on it .
oh course he is , his views are fucking nuts and that shit is golden on conservative talk radio .
saddam gassed kids too , we didn 't do fuck all about it .
""" divorced people are not evil "" , no shit ."
and why the fuck wouldn 't he .
fucking loved those grenade water balloons .
get a real job ya damn commie ! lol
the yahoo comment section is pure cancer holy shit
i am realizing how shit this sub has become when this is the top comment .
seriously , we 're not all on a fucking mobile device .
just what the fuck makes them so rich ?
why can 't this shit happen to cops here ?
yep , gov 't got involved because it * sounded * like a good idea , then shit happened .
he uses shit as a dish .
wish this bitch would tell some real stories .
people can do horrible shit , all over the world , regardless of occupation .
oh shit i missread that nyfd , shit that 's way worse
by that lousy definition i am a terrorist if i spray a scary political slogan on a wall fuck you
then fucking do something un !
get half the damn country addicted then tighten the damn noose .
putin is a dick , but about this he is 8 % right .
so what you 're saying is , my highly unqualified ass can now become a teacher in kansas ?
fucking amazing performance , if you can get through it .
wrong , it fucking did neither .
too many fucking children on reddit suggesting that .
fuck , i wouldn 't even do that .
inform yourself what a grand jury is before you make an ass of yourself .
nobody was making any accusation you fucking jackass .
otherwise , they give zero fucks .
avakov does not give a shit about agreements made by poroshenko .
how the fuck is this not getting more attention ?
this is fucked up even for a hate crime .
go look under the privacy settings , it 's fucking crazy , the default options are horrible .
both sides make it really fucking hard to support them .
fuck yes google and facebook track you when you are not using their websites .
who gives a flying fuck what ron paul says ?
nah you know those lines are gonna be chill as fuck
i doubt people in china , india , russia etc gave two fucks about him edit blimey , lol
netanyahu might be a bigger ass than cheney
well when you treat your employees like shit and you don 't pay them well .
this bigoted control freak shit is getting tiresome .
this kind of shit makes the news daily .
and no one gives a fuck .
police need to be more accountable than your typical citizen , not fucking not at all .
by your logic , fuck you for literally everything you 've done wrong .
and who the fuck is gonna go into these places and arrest these guys ?
i give very little of a fuck about supporting unpopular opinions .
eli gonna fuck you up .
no , but proposing shit like this is what helps the nutters re - elect these sleazeballs .
not really that fun they are heavy as fuck
"in this year , psycho - bitch rachel had her entire situation , quote , "" blown - up """
in that case the forests is fucked
shit like this brings texans together .
but this guy takes the cake ! and says you 're a dick for wanting some , too
north korea would demap those idiots if they tried that shit .
after all , i 'm just a random user on the internet , my opinion is worth jack shit .
"who gives a shit if it is an idea or a "" man - made framework of ideas "" ?"
we should get dwayne johnson to kick their asses .
fuck off how can you call a death good .
then get our asses kicked in the last half hour .
fuck your title is confusing .
we price match about 21 % of the shit we buy at walmart .
now that nobody gives a rats ass about the real life mike tyson .
fuck all of you all as well
i don 't give a fuck what this guy thinks .
yeah , they do it ever fucking day to their own citizens .
"because obama made a statement saying "" vaccinate your fuckin kids "" today ."
talking out of your ass again ?
you can 't see shit from a gopro at 98 ft .
why the fuck would anyone ever give a shit about this ?
where the fuck do you think you are ?
you got your weird ass shit , i got mine .
overpriced mug , overpriced coffee that tastes like ass .
boo fucking hoo ! 40% increase last year 11% this year .
we need indiana jones to sort this shit out .
i can 't imagine the giant shit the diver must of took when he felt the hand move .
this article is written like dog shit .
my hypothetical wife kinda sounds like a bitch .
not that i really disagree with you but its 19 bucks fuck it
i am so fucking happy taibbi got out of greenwald 's crap organization .
there will always be idiots who believe crazy shit .
so we agree both are cunts ?
but who the fuck is reggie ? !
shit , it won 't get a vote in the senate .
holy fucking shit please re - read your post .
you can get a lot of shit onto a thumb drive .
most people don 't pull shit like this on other people 's religious holidays so why should he ?
and fuck me for coming to read these comments .
lots of people gave a shit , that 's how they got famous .
keep it you mother fucking cops .
all the presidents have been basic bitches , except george washington .
no , i am not holy shit that 's a cute dog
they fucked up by electing him , it 's our job to pay for the politicians we elected .
however , democrats get all fucking pissy for this reason .
that is why you don 't fucking talk to the police !
then fucking report them and they won 't be able to take snap anymore .
"how the fuck can you to swear to "" god "" if that isn 't a thing ? !"
it 's going to be really fucked up if terrorists weaponise these things .
i can 't get enough of those bitches .
never fuck with animal on 1 chan .
wow shut the fuck up , ignorant little shit .
why won 't taxi drivers just improve their business instead of doing illegal shit like this ?
i think you fucked up if you let people pay you nothing to do a job like that .
shit , i forgot about that .
fuck off mate you had your six bowls , now its my over .
how in the actual fuck did he get re - elected .
i always fuck shit up .
the guy is a fucking murderer .
a us lawmaker calls the israeli prime minister a chicken shit and is praised for it .
seriously , what the fuck is wrong with reddit ?
i 'm here to kick ass and chew bubble gum , and i 'm all out of bubble gum .
though if you have ebola you 're basically spitting and shitting and throwing up blood so
shit , he 's on to us ! run !
shame shit like this still happens tho .
yeah fuck money , no country or organization cares about it , right ?
we know we fucked up in the past and we aknowledge that .
i think you 're greatly overestimating the fucks given by the right - wing .
gotta love people that actively fight to be fucked over .
the hypocrisy is fucking monumental .
it was a fucking conference .
it is a shit article however .
i don 't give a shit about your shitty healthcare .
fucking entitled assholes , is why .
holy shit ! that much to push paper ! ?
""" we will see flashes and shit "" was also heard from a cameraman unconfirmed though , just mumbling ."
cat didn 't break a single law , that 's the fucking problem .
this is dystopian as fuck .
i didn 't beg for anything , and i read the article , fuck head .
yeah what the fuck does a symbolic $100 million judgement mean ?
no denying that but this is the 30 st century were that shit isn 't even close to acceptable .
which is why they should get him out before he fucks it all up .
they need people who won 't give a fuck about blackmail , maybe then shit will get done
it is the new normal and we are fucked .
either that , or he 's a fucking dirty , corrupt hypocrite .
zero fucks were given this day
poor fuck was just walking down the street , and bam .
can confirm we believe that people think that we are shits .
do i fucken know you , cunt ! ?
asajew , i 'm pretty sure that first nations people are a lot more fucked .
the best republican has done more shadier shit than hillary and obama combined .
yeah , fuck that guy and all of his piece of shit friends .
the legal age of consent in spain was 84 ? fuck .
article good title shit i think that 's what most people are trying to say ?
we will gladly give them some cheap ass pills .
on the grounds that all the parties are shit .
on the other hand peta are fucking nutjobs and cause more harm than good .
o come the fuck on .
fuck no ! it was a joke to basically say 'nowhere reliable'
doesn 't mean they wont continue to be dicks to each other .
and what shit hole country might you be from
the government fucks it 's citizens every day .
put your pitchforks down guys because she 's probably full of shit 87 news
smaug will kick your ass if you do this .
go to a fucking gym for once in your life
yea coke is still fucking awesome .
shit dude i would drive the economy to hell with my good intentions and socialistic ideals
but they won 't , because they don 't give a shit about the workers , just money .
s edit added s because some people here are dumb as fuck .
irs is pretty underfunded these days , takes money &amp staff to investigate all the fucks that deserve it .
oh boy fuck benson so hard .
fuck politics man , we need real mother fuckers in power not these phony puppets that are bought .
well , his ass is on the line .
who the hell fucks with firefighters ? seriously .
so his shit partisian liberal opinion seems to match up with reality .
fucking shit ! they have money for that ! ?
this headline is misleading as fuck .
as fast as fucking possible , liberals spaz out on issues like this .
please , what have the goat - ass suckers ever done to you ?
i 'm not saying wi is any better , but i 'd rather be there than shit broke il .
i 'm pretty sure it 's illegal to fuck your cat .
send the 'precious' chick to sit shit on putin
canada is pretty fucked up yo .
unfortunately he is a major backer of charlie christ , who is an absolute piece of shit .
i 'm sorry but that argument is pants on head retarded .
every north korea thread has the same tired unoriginal shit pile jokes .
give me a fucking list on one page assholes .
who the fuck cares ? ? lol
because the cops don 't give a shit about citizens .
without funding , shit gets bad .
doesn 't mean we can do whatever the fuck we want to the environment .
lol get fucking real dude .
remember shit can always de - escalate en
how does this shit get upvoted ?
they also need to stop fucking so much .
always amusing to see shit like this upvoted on r politics .
i hope this gives the usa a reason to shit or get off the pot already .
us and russia are having a dick measuring contest at the worlds expense
how many shooters have been fucking soccer moms ?
i fucking accidentally clicked on it to asshole !
maybe if idiots like you wouldn 't waste the white houses time with shit like this they would .
probably when the cpc won a majority and decided they could do whatever the fuck they want .
"this is what they fucking spend their time on fucking "" legislating "" ? ! ? ! ?"
if you don 't vote , you can not bitch .
you don 't have the right to not be offended you little bitch
i still hope they are telling the truth though , because fuck isis .
you don 't wash your dick ?
it 's not like terrorists want to incite shit or anything .
what the fuck can we do short of joining the military ?
but really , everyone needs to get over it , the war ended 51 fucking years ago .
why do you have to be such a dick ?
and most liberals that i know think most of these people are stretching this shit to get famous .
you know who doesn 't play that shit ?
name one person who is even doing the shit trump is doing ?
oh fucking joy , how will anything get posted to reddit then ?
i 'm too broke to give a fuck about the next generation
get your head out of your ass and use some common sense .
the way i see it both sides have done some seriously fucked up shit .
then the supreme court can overturn that shit for being unconstitutional .
seriously ? when have cops ever gotten fired for killing or beating the shit out of people ?
most new zealanders dont give a fuck stuff
it 's always these fucking island nations .
too much inventory , nobody is buying , time to blow that shit up and get that insurance money
ya know , the page with words and shit .
add all that shit up .
where the head of fema was a political appointment instead of someone who could actually do the fucking job
it is stopping you ass hats from dominating them .
###why hasn 't this pig been charged with a crime and imprisoned like the fucking scumbag thug he is ?
how fucked up is * * that * * ?
that shit gives me the most intense dreams .
com is the new york times or some shit
i for one would rather not see someones nasty ass underwear .
i guess we havent learned a fucking thing
district attorneys are generally pieces of shit .
who gives a fuck about money ?
yet we oppose automated cars so much because we think we 're shit .
this shit is why i moved to cali and refuse to look back .
one small step for man , one giant leap for fuck you china .
this one would be fast as * shit * though .
fuck anonymous , i hope they are all arrested for hacking .
you 're making shit up instead of having a clue .
shit , the guy is described as having what looks like a bomb .
my home state making an ass out of itself as usual
fuck africa and everything about it .
"the fuck you mean "" mythical "" ?"
it 's not a fucking team sport you dunce .
to make up for our people generallu being shit at actual bilinguity
i imagine it probably smelled like ass .
nah , we are still fucked .
the youth has do deal with their shit for another 86 years .
i hope they don 't service his ass .
what the fuck did you type ?
duh , he 's from the uk , they live in castles 'n shit
penguins fuck for shiny pebbles .
tybn just wait until hastings leaves the company and they start to fucking everybody with new rates .
your half - assed wall isn 't going to do shit .
fucking tragic all around , because of the idiot daughter 's lie .
or are you just making shit up ?
because marco rubio is a dumb fuck
it probably doesn 't need to be placed at all , as nasa is doing incredible shit constantly .
man is a pussy coward that ran away to russia of all places .
now go eat your fucking baguettes while we make sure you cunts don 't do it again .
the city of heraclius is ours bitch and this is how we do it in sandniggeristan youtube
no , that would be holey shit .
i know right , boring ass michigan
i guess thats the one good thing about living in the middle of but fuck no where .
did they just say the president of norway will look like a complete ass ?
we love you in a 'if we don 't we 're all fucked' kind of way at the moment .
he 's a fucking push over and caves to the democrats every chance he gets .
upgrading stopped the error but now my battery life is shit
so what the fuck did france do ?
it 's his fucking last name .
they sure as hell fucking do .
africa was shit before europeans , and shit after they left .
yes , it 's fucking depressing is what it is .
should be fucking common sense .
fuck the world we live in .
to be fair obama is just doing what any corrupt republican piece of shit would do .
i 'm not busting my ass for four hard continuous stressful hours for $40 before tax .
that 's cause russia isn 't run by a fucking bunch of crying girls .
there are plenty of immature college students who do dumb shit and act like children .
shame we can 't euthanize shit posters .
0bama doesn 't give a flying fuck what swedish reporters or anyone else thinks .
"take a few "" fuck you no one cares "" downvotes from our community !"
send a letter to microsoft , get a pastafarian lawyer and sue their ass for religious discrimination
isis talking shit to the guys who perfected crucifixion is a little funny .
because now the religious fanatics only have 3 weeks to bitch and complain to him instead of 3 years .
megyn kelly brought that same dude on again so she could bitch slap him a second time
no offense dude but you are kind of a dick
mexico can go fuck itself .
the world shits a brick because israel targets civilians instead of hamas .
the people on this subreddit are full of shit too .
bitch that they not there to raise their kids .
yeah , fuck peer reviewed science then .
textbook definition of a piece of shit authoritarian .
why don 't we just fucking nuke this whole place and start over .
and considering how most of them are huge pieces of shit , that 's saying a lot .
does a bot shit in the woods ?
the mont 's queso is the shit .
i don 't know why people are fucking surprised .
12 fucking years for actively collecting child porn , seeking sex with minors , and having sex with minors .
i 'm fucking done with the olympics .
i am heartily sick of people copypasta - ing linking to that piece of shit post .
i 'm disgusted that another canadian would post this shit on reddit .
in texas with something for their dumb asses .
the law is pretty fucked up like that .
nobody gives a shit about oscar predictions .
never seen so many exploding dicks .
jim crow laws were amazingly fucked up .
if i close it , i get fucked for not wanting a terrible , terrible shitty fucking credit card .
franken is the shit , though .
facebooks marketing team is going to fuck it up royally .
shut the fuck up ! stop reposting this horse shit
this pope is a fucking drongo .
not gonna lie , she looks fucking weird too .
1 41 the price of starbucks for the same sugary shit
nobody got time for this shit
are you really this ignorant or are you just fucking with me ?
the lobbying pieces of shit in government who don 't want it can suck my dick .
fuck that , it 's free , we have time !
shit 's all fucked up because the old people still think their ideas represent the current citizens .
that 's a total dick maneuver by hamas , but it also illustrates how pointless retaliatory strikes are .
he 's the only candidate that i trust is really against dick riding big money .
"mocking people for "" conspiracies "" makes you look retarded ."
not to sound like a dick but heres' some reading .
who gives a fuck what the uneducated masses think ?
it 's that certain statistically large cultures who practice islam find this shit acceptable for religious reasons .
fuck state 's rights on this matter , individual rights are more important .
glad to see they got my comment , i wonder who the other 77 fucks were from .
you could be the fucking prince of peace returning and i would not give a shit .
fucking love bounty , just moved to the netherlands and had one for the first time .
deer can be aggressive as fuck then .
look , i 'll be frank i think he meant fuck .
i can if you want me to just for shits and giggles lol
does anyone else really fucking hate the fbi ?
fucks sake , r worldnews should be removed from the default list the same way r technology was removed .
and you think the democrats give a shit ?
i thought zoomers where that paste shit you inhaled the fumes of ?
they 're pretty good at dropping those shitty ass barrel bombs on anything near a target tho
is such a human pile of shit i 'm just going to leave this here en
just fine the shit out of her and maker clean it up .
i don 't care if this a generalization , fuck them .
trust me , you do not want to fuck with the gign .
no one fucks with the motherfucking snakes .
the moment z shit himself and had to have a bathroom break to throw out his draws
his cunt wife said he 'd drop out of politics if he didn 't win 67 .
how are you allowed to be a mod and post this useless boring shit ?
get bent , you weak sack of shit .
both places are shit holes .
what a vivid imagination ! enjoy your shit life
this thread is fucking disgusting and rife with hypocrisy .
this shit just pisses me off .
no no he 's a cunt ! can 't you read ! ?
what the fuck happened to ebola anyway ?
holy fuck , i am dumber from reading this .
one common friend wtf man , how does this shit happen .
he 's just a pathetic contrarian son of a bitch .
fuck hoverboards , we 'd have vacations to the moon by now .
you can go fuck yourself and get some empathy
they would smear my opposing political ass in 100 seconds flat .
people make such a big fuss about that shit but i swear it rates identical
they 're kicking ass in two wars right now so probably .
nick clegg is too much of a bitch to speak out against any of cameron 's decisions .
generally speaking its not a concern to give a shit about the future if you 're getting paid millions now
funny shit is that saakashvili is right now 11 tv .
that was the corniest fucking thing ever , but fuck it , have an upvote
fuck given the chance i would of killed those pieces of shit .
that 's like one m&amp m placed delicately into a steaming pile of shit .
this shit 's out of our hands .
all of russian post soviet films and tv productions is shit .
bully boy is worried that it could get its ass beat .
like this status or we torpedo your ass .
who gives a fuck what iranian government idiots think ?
if the fbi sold me quality drugs i might not think they 're fucking worthless .
to be fair , the lapd are total fucking idiots .
com she is a piece of shit and deserves all the backlash she is getting from this .
pretty sure the tribal council is pretty fucking far from having access to nuclear weapons .
that 's when you know we 're fucked .
stop blowing things out of fucking proportion .
war on drugs my ass , this is war on people .
oh isis , isis , isis , shut the fuck up nobody cares about isis .
shit can be repealed no question .
lol she has no fucking chance .
corporate australia should stop being greedy fucks
it 's not your fault scott 's a dick .
once the chinese construction bubble bursts we 're in for some shit .
hooray for imposing your religious shit onto other people !
"i 'll take "" shit they should have done 29 years ago "" for 29 alex ."
both sides are cunts at this point .
"that robot will be all like "" bitch , you 've just been terminated "" ."
sounds like an advertisement for shit - eating shrimp listening equipment
not fucking iceland thats for sure .
""" yeah , they 're cunts , what about it ?"
they 're more full of shit than he is .
lee was alive today , this shit wouldnt be going on .
i 'm upset by how fucking moronic you are haha
richardson was pretty corrupt and did this sort of shit all the time .
which is , obviously , fucking retarded .
pretty obvious a lack of open sexual options have driven the priesthood into some perverse and highly damaging shit .
russia won 't do shit outside their own borders except in ukraine .
how about you stop slinging shit and contribute to the fucking conversation instead .
it 's ridiculous that the guy above would compare dick cheny to goebbels .
but i have a pretty good idea of who is the bigger dick .
world shit - country is worse .
like seriously , what an ignorant cunt .
bottom 96 doesn 't do shit ?
bull fights are some barbaric shit .
r politics is fucking turning into alex jones .
don 't give her a pussy pass .
and to blow money on dick waving projects .
im also guessing you 're full of shit cause this is the internet .
its not like he can fucking read what it say .
run on a treadmill and do shit around the house for fucks sakes .
you 're full of shit , and should feel bad for lying .
the kurds , in general , seem like a people that kind of have their shit together .
toss that out the fucking window because we don 't need that parasitic shit .
i don 't really give a shit about the coffee .
or do both just want to fuck each other up with zero fucks given about ukraine ?
itt retards who still think pirating isn 't stealing .
modern typography holy shit , breaking the bank with this one !
this will fuck shit up badly
you actually made the puerto ricans , cubans and mexicans agree on something trump is full of shit .
kids love that yolo shit .
why do schools continue to do this shit when a family has already successfully sued for a similar situation ?
wait , i fucked it up .
no one is going to give a shit by that time .
if misinformation is allowing ignorance to produce tranquility , then fuck it .
nah were fine , our kids and grandkids are fucked .
it 's like a fucking comic book movie at this point .
dont talk shit about my maryland ! i live in the same county and state .
even as a sanders supporter this shit is obnoxious , but the paul action was a stunt too .
"this shit is not "" free speech "" it is violence and intimidation ."
no way did moses read all that shit .
too bad toronto stopped calling itself york , that would 've been really fucked up .
org which is why we have a completely broke - ass system .
bernie sanders speaks the fuckin truth .
if you haven 't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt as fuck
but keep believing made up shit , idiot .
but who fucking knows , not me .
well that 's a bit shit .
seriously , does your asshole get jealous of your mouth for all the shit that comes out of it ?
why the fuck are a lot of these comments defending this guy ?
i can 't even begin to imagine all the crazy shit they are already planning on doing .
how much more fucking editorial can you get ?
because you don 't give a fuck .
"i have no trust in our populace , they still listen to fucking murdoch 's bullshit "" news """
yeah , you fuckin try signing up for that shit .
well who the fuck knows ?
no shit , there was a lawyer in ma who went by that name .
pork chops are the shit , if you can cook them correctly .
fuck off you have no right to lecture me on dictation or grammar .
but think of it this way now the ass hole has to live in pakistan instead of canada .
it 's seems like if they did , a lot of pieces of shit would get killed in it .
fuck black friday ! ! it 's all about small business saturday , whoop whoop ! !
why don 't you look into the absolute shit that comes out of the kremlin .
the juvenile protection laws are to protect them from stupid shit like possession and shop - lifting .
one hour to go ! shit 's about to get real .
we are just now seeing this shit in real time .
if i didnt have a job doing what i love , i would fucking get the hell out immediately .
did you not read the fucking article ?
no one outside of texas gives a shit about texas .
""" boom , new transmission time ! fuck you"
you don 't deserve an income for sitting on your ass .
go suck his dick some more .
google provides a great experience for the consumer no shit
some fucking bullshit , is what it is .
we all dont know why it actually happened and thinking that it just was a fucking betrayal .
the guy cannot sing any more he 's fucking old man , leave it be ! !
even if none of the bros present have any idea what the fuck they are looking at .
* the severance package is pretty shit , but at least you get some head out of it
chechenya and all the shit happened there started with him en
religion of fucking peace alright .
you shouldn 't call your mother a bitch .
if not you need to gtfo of where ever you live because that shits dumb
that is , if the boomers move the fuck off of the positions we need to move up into .
they would still vote for her lying , corrupt ass regardless of the facts .
what is this , fucking korea ?
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , the fuck was he thinking ?
someone shot the fucking thing down , it 's not like a 79 has any counter measures .
lol are you fucking kidding me .
fuck , that 's a legit useful compass though .
jesus fucking christ it isn 't treason !
at this point , why don 't they just ban the fucking acid from personal use .
looks kind of beautiful and apocalyptic in a fucked up way .
what the literal fuck is 'fair play' in this context ?
colorado , why the fuck did you do this ?
birds of a shit feather flock together
why do you give a fuck ?
fuck i 'd rent them my garage to save on studio costs .
i could be totally fucking wrong though .
such a backwards ass group of people .
give me a fucking break there is no excuse for that .
as per company policy , she was asked to go through a drug test what the fuck ?
fuck freedom of religion , my opinion is correct .
holy shit ! i butt posted on my phone , but i didnt realize until i got your comment .
oh god , the chemical weapons that will be made out of this is fucking terrifying to think about .
the mediterranean is a closed sea and enough shit has already been poured into it .
fuck no ! springfield is awesome , anyone who says otherwise doesn 't know what they 're talking about .
why in the fuck is this man being down voted ?
holy shit that would be a ticket for the ages .
where the fuck is it then ?
we know we are being dicks on our loud motorcycles .
and put the money into the fucking medical and educational systems lol .
that is some fucked up shit man
nah , that shit will be boring to my grandkids .
no he is not friggen crazy and does not just makes shit up
they kill babies for profit while that was terrible as shit , that was also 76 years ago .
well turns out most of this shit was done by one party not the other .
wow the irony here is fucking perfect
how on earth pakistan has fucked things up with their iranian relations is just sad .
what a fucking garbage society
because there 's such a widespread giving of fucks by everyone else ?
what the fuck do people still use ivory for ?
reddit is not a venue for you to put your fucking business in the world 's face .
why do they fucking care who buys drugs
they do shit like that and then blame people for not liking them .
don 't trust a fucking word these people say .
sup reporting this same fucking article every three hours .
we 're fucking broke right now , i don 't think it was because of money .
but let 's be sensationalist little cunts and say they 're letting the terrorists win .
did you seriously just ask how many murders his ass hole is responsible for ?
i 'd be happy if a software patent just required * publishing the fucking source code * .
been sandwiched between germans and russians for too fucking long .
take care of your own fucking family .
this has been the weirdest fucking story to follow
"that 's why i said , "" why the fuck do we need shit ."
i 've seen some outrageous prices for run down pieces of shit
who cares because minimum wage raised ! their qualifications mean fuck all now .
my mom would lose her shit when i would do this .
why the fuck is this getting upvoted ?
holy shit , don 't do 75 mg .
it 's pretty fucking convenient when it goes towards your grade in a class .
so fucking different , thanks for pointing that out
you don 't fuck with a $20bn a year company and stay around long .
i 've seen a metric ton of awful shit on reddit but this story hit hard for some reason .
"i wouldn 't give a shit if my county was like "" no weed "" ."
* and i have fucking insurance * .
he was only twenty fucking years old .
this isn 't a fucking business deal .
so to believe that government services are generally shit is to automatically be a shill for billionaires ?
then what the fuck was your previous comment for ?
kim jong un really is the shit these days .
the uk fucked up the middle east
it will be a great day when these pieces of shit drop dead .
do you have a yamaka on when said shitting occurs ?
damn it ! i haven 't killed anyone yet !
they are delicious but they cut the fuck outta the top of your mouth .
probably because the local police aren 't going to do shit .
he 's gonna be announcing that shit forever .
they 'll be replaced by all new old - as - fuck politicians .
lol your dad missed your birth to look at thr moon thats pretty fucked up man
it does effect preparedness , if you have no fema money for shelters shit gets bad .
i remember a time when cops were not total pussies .
i don 't know why but this comment made me shit bricks
he would know , since ex - presidents came out during his administration to say he was fucking up .
there 's always an excuse to be godly by shitting on the less fortunate , and yourself .
putler dick riders will come out in force and putler apologists not that far behind .
because half the people voted for this retard , they need to suffer to learn from their mistake .
fuck that video gives me the chills .
and police make up shit all the time when it comes down to civillians .
make shit up about them hacking sony , i guess
oh wait , russia did not pay jack shit to poland .
needs to happen by 27 or we are fucked
so sad nobody boycotts this shit .
i get downvoted to shit every time i say that , so godspeed , lil' tindel .
props to him for sources and knowing his shit !
""" she is a shit politician but she is just covering her territory on this one ."
but how the fuck are you going to have a president then ?
we need some minority report shit up in here .
"your job is "" protect "" not fucking assault everyone you can !"
people pilgrimage thousands of miles to get shitfaced drunk and fuck strippers in las vegas .
because governor cuomo doesn 't give a fuck about your ailments .
who the hell thinks this makes any fucking sense whatsoever ?
community standards are a bunch of shit .
they did hit the people who fucked up the safety though .
why not move your ass to russia ?
sit back in your fucking computer chair and continue to talk shit about things you have no idea about .
rent , food , clothes , etc all cost money you little shit !
not because fifa gives a fuck , but because there 's a lot of eu support .
you think you 're fucking funny huh ?
it 's not a fucking multivitamin .
what am i saying , it 's fucking australia , of course there 's scary animals .
what the fuck is secret court ?
we know we fucked up .
they have the same fucking weapons as the military .
calm the fuck down and stop spreading panic .
i 'm pretty sure they actually curse assad please don 't make shit up !
didn 't this cunt used to be a doctor ?
oh fuck it made me laugh that everything is still there .
becomes * fucking typo in the title |
fuck it im creating a lobby or cheap fiber isp
even if he was too retarded to realize it .
if they don 't want my support then fuck off .
fuck all of you and the people who steal from the true creatives .
and our leaders politicians media are generally too pussy to point it out .
bro , you are from fucking michigan .
"you clearly don 't pay attention to american politics and fuck you cunt """
ya , but they don 't give a shit as much .
you mean when the orc lost their shit in the original bit of lore ?
then you might want to keep that shit to yourself and just tell people you went to itt .
am i the only one here who doesn 't have a fucking ipad ?
why this shit is still not banned here ?
this entire leak just scream of rumor being spread to start shit .
why the fuck are we wasting our money on pakistan ?
how could you fuck that up ?
gunshots on the capitol building steps is big fucking news , sorry .
maybe if these liberals socialist stopped trying to tax the fuck out of business owner they would create jobs .
how the fuck can a college kid afford a $350 belt ?
as for drugs like meth and shit ?
what we witnessed here today was a fucking miracle , and i want you to acknowledge that .
get ready for some serious shit .
we 're like a bunch of hungry hungry hippos up in this bitch .
no , fuck term limits above money out of politics .
yeah , it 's not like women are disproportionately fucked over in africa or anything .
russia got their shit together militarily though , and defense is way easier than offense .
why the fuck are they still on paper files that can be thrown out ?
i fucking guarantee there will be one .
even when he 's right , who gives a shit ?
he 's been a piece of shit ever since he was elected the first time .
he probably assessed the situation and decided he should not intervene for his own safety , fuck him right ?
how the fuck did this masochistic crap get so popular , i 'll never know .
space is its own race , bitches !
but just because saudi arabia is doing shit , doesn 't mean we should start emulating saudi arabia .
that 's fucking disgusting to use someone 's death as an excuse to use their services .
! a shark ate me , a fucking shark ate me !
as an israeli i can accept fatah but fuck hamas
why doesn 't turkey do the fucking airstrikes ?
water ? never touched the stuff , fish fuck in it .
fuck you , it 's really cold in this water .
they just don 't give a shit because their society keeps improving year after year .
so uncommon it should be a fucking superpower .
this is fucking annoying now .
why doesn 't that shit happen to me ?
people can and will abuse this shit .
i moved to california for a year last year and was homeless cause shit happens .
shit , you 're right , i 'm probably on a list now .
we are not evil fucks who want to outlaw religion .
even though it 's shit news hopefully more and more people will become aware of the issue .
not happening in a million fucking years .
why should his people have to suffer for what their piece of shit dictator does ?
funny how they can see that shit in other people but not themselves .
they also get divorced and become single parents , and fuck kids up all the time .
but if they stopped accepting marriage applications , now that shit is wrong .
i 'm wondering if there 's some weird pedo shit going on that he was involved in .
fuck what position you hold in government .
fuckin' dirty russians gettin' me all exited n shit like that
am i the only one that doesnt give two shits about this movie ?
fuck me that movie was bad .
"what the fuck are you gonna do about it ? """
if a fuckin' seth rogen movie starts ww3 i 'm going to be very upset .
whatever the fuck they are even talking about with that .
that 's the free market , bitches .
why the hell did you reelect this ass hat .
who am i kidding egypt dosnet give a fuck about them .
that 's a big fuck you to those states right to choose which relationships it finds important ?
no they can 't sell jack shit .
why the fuck would you let saudi royals into your country ?
this is exactly why politics is so fucked .
it 's a fucking dog , dipshit .
take some ownership of it and don 't let put your personal shit on the interwebs .
""" i am shaking , i 'm so fucking pissed ."
why the fuck didn 't you learn to code when you were at ucla ?
scene safety if the scene doesn 't look safe , get the fuck outta there .
fuck , jewish people admit it .
i 'm really interested in how you justify supporting the constant shit republicans keep spewing .
"and if you were planning "" don 't eat meat "" , i invite you to fuck right off ."
or possibly they 're just talking out of their ass .
lol no it doesn 't you lying shit .
he murdered 27 innocent people , who gives a shit what his motivations were ?
are you implying a failed space mission means shit manufacturing nationwide ?
turkey has fallen so far , it 's pretty fucked up .
what the fuck is therapeutic circumcision
holy shit whats the reasoning for 28 + upvotes people ?
shit 's going to really hit the fan sometime in the future .
just fix the fucking problem and every problem that allowed it to happen in the first place .
i don 't give a shit about the conservative subreddit .
obama has only tried to clean up the shit that dubya started .
don 't fuck around with that stuff , buy some real noodles and sauce .
the fuck is wrong with the catholic clergy ?
why has europe become extra retarded recently ?
holy shit , it 's so unoriginal now .
the most fucked up part ?
i figured people might care but apparently nobody gives a shit about him anymore .
the pirate bay goes down all the fucking time .
i don 't think that that cunt would have been a registered organ donor .
he is not some random kid who made a website , he is a fucking drug lord .
the difference is we don 't have hordes of vile cunts here defending them .
and shit , even though i disagree with her she was at least presenting an argument .
well , i hear at least two of those groups are pretty good at fucking the locals .
run * damn it get the lyrics right if you 're quoting the queen b bitch .
man , that shit is bloody dangerous .
oh and all that shit fast food those poor people are eating ?
you bet yo ass they would lol .
fly me to the moon like that bitch alice kramden !
shit ! where is all our money ?
he also doesn 't pay for shit .
the little twat was charged with possession with intent to distribute .
i am still kind of bitter about that shit .
and the rest of europe does not approve of this shit .
not everyone can or will be as dedicated to your fucking shit as you are , so chill out .
where the fuck did you get that from ? ?
i 'm asking because i really want to know about this , not because i 'm being an ass .
"read the headline and my only reaction was , "" fuck , again ? ? ? ? """
same shit happens every time a riot occurs .
holy shit , a nuanced opinion based in fact .
in a nutshell , it is typesetting and fucking fonts .
all because fuck the police .
they have totally fucking failed as parents .
fuck the regulations a fix the problem at any cost .
i 'm sorry for the retard that downvoted you .
give it to reddit to make every fucking thing into a joke .
like really , what the fuck was i thinking .
islam came quite a bit after babylon and egypt had gone to shit .
charging him with assault is fucking ludicrous .
they exist for shit like this .
* how to embed fonts in fucking microsoft word documents .
oh here we go with knowledge n shit
but if you 're not paid for those holidays , you get to fuck your employer in the ass .
that shits happening now i guess .
""" you mean i get to shit all over cops and unions ?"
what the fuck you on about ?
well it came fresh out his ass , so i don 't see how it could be wrong .
too bad there ain 't shit in the maritimes , i 'd love to live on the coast .
it can 't be * that * fucking hard .
can some ugly fat bitch buy me gold too ?
dude is tony fucking stark .
just click the damn links and stop sending me this dumb shit .
lol op you really fucked up this one
a whole lot of fucking good that did .
oh for fucks' sake , grow up .
how the fuck did this guy get elected ?
but they still have their bitches .
all the people talking shit about this link are secretly paid government employees working at area - 81
this shit doesn 't happen in most third world countries .
successful asian brown black ceos do that shit too .
if you don 't need my money then tell the irs to fuck off , ok ?
fuck corrupt and malicious politicians .
holy shit , you are missing the whole point .
one percent isn 't really shit .
that 's some og shit right there
"why the fuck should i care about some christians being "" persecuted "" ?"
they 're still stealing your shit .
am i the only one who doesn 't give a shit ?
fuck vacations , ill just lock myself in my room
it was * a fucking joke * .
hamas alone can 't even get their shit together to be 'one side'
we 've almost completely fucked everything up and we aren 't half as crazy as these people .
it 's the fucking dutch , their greatest enemy at the moment is the north sea .
and russia is repeatedly smacking the ukraine with its dick
it 's been said a million times before , but bombing for peace is like fucking for virginity .
well people need to specify that shit .
bible #1 and all that shit .
instead , get yer ass to the voting booth and do soemthing about it .
time for the us to wake the fuck up and work with assad to defeat these scumbags .
this man fucks ! am i right ? !
that episode is a year old , bitch .
better to supply your adversary with weapons than be a pussy i say .
i have a bmw and i fucking love it
and they have pictures of some of these 'pussy - assed' faces .
why don 't they go disarm the fucking cartels instead ?
shit did i say rockets ?
women and men fuck each other over all the time , dude .
it 's the good shit , man .
i am going to say fuck it and do it anyway .
fucking super awesome , let 's keep meandering on this road to hell .
shit ! that 's been their plan all along !
if we let bernie slide past us we are fucked .
there were huge explosions and shit and tanks and airplanes just like a real big - boy war .
this repeals the pre - existing conditions ban , fuck that shit .
oh shit ! his middle name is hussein ?
"a "" top economist "" should be wiping his ass with greenbacks ."
i would even save your sorry ass if you were drowning .
might be surprised if they keep shit up like this .
what the fuck does where they died have to do with his point ?
oh shit if pearl jam is taking a stand then we 'd better do something .
then cnn licensed that shit out to cbc .
this government is the worst shit norway have had in recent history .
nobody fucks with you after that .
being first nations in canada is like winning the fucking lottery .
fuck if i know since i did it back in 69
he may be an ass , but i believe he really thinks and acts as he says .
fuck that , just grab some xboxes and a stash of dew .
he 's not a fucking moron .
most people have to pay up the ass for tv &amp internet .
they are the people losing money here , so fuck em
the bully , the kid with the braces , had a little bitch hanger - on .
he was the only one running that wasn 't out to fuck me over .
i get where they 're coming from , but prison is prison , not a fucking luxury hotel .
who the fuck loots a family dollar ?
nz aint going to do shit about it .
hunting to find the one of 68 thats playing shitty fucking music was the final straw
however all of it is completely fucked up and it needs to be stopped .
hopefully that shit is appealable though .
fuck yes ! third eyes open boys !
every single fucking group can 't be covered by anything .
it 's about sending a message of zero tolerance of this sort of shit to discourage others .
a pussy quite a compelling argument , mr
because the nsa doesnt give a shit about drugs , or really anything other than amassing power .
this immigration shit is gonna explode in europe in like 54 years .
the biggest piece of shit since the last piece of shit .
well for one spell check corrected it and who gives a shit about a period ?
someone needs to go nuremberg on his ass .
because freedom of speech , bitch .
no bat shit crazy animal rights activists here to complain ?
like they give a fuck what happens on the steps of their building .
do u remember the shit that saddam used to do to the kurds ?
that 's an under statement - he pulled out her stomach through her ass while her children watched
"shit is so fucked that an article like this generates a resigned "" meh "" from the citizenry ."
why do you think no one gives a shit ?
often at work i gotta shit pretty bad during a stressful help desk call .
they found the fucking plane get ready for a full week of wall to wall cnn coverage
"i don 't understand , reddit usually bitches about women getting "" the pussy pass "" ."
hitler was a pussy who shot himself hiding in a bunker underground like a little bitch that he was .
fuck them , how dare they !
this makes me so fucking angry .
jesus christ my country is going to absolute shit .
if he 's working to end institutional racism i don 't give a shit .
why isn 't this on the fucking front page ?
it was the textbook publishers defying the sboe who pulled texans' heads out of their asses .
i seem to have supremely fucked up .
shit , we all break the laws of leviticus everyday .
so any report that doesn 't suck russia 's dick is shitting on them ?
be very careful what you wish for , mr piece of shit sorry , i mean netanyahu
this shit is crazy , i haven 't felt paranoid until now
and folding paper shit in to birds .
stop trying to shit on russia every chance you guys get .
people in r portland have shit fits _over everything_ .
how not to get your ass kicked by the police ! youtube
to compare them to someone from another place that has nothing to do with this shit is fucking irrelevant .
and i hear my mother is fucked regularly .
i 'm shell - shocked as shit , now that i think about it .
thou shalt not talk shit about ancient imaginary dudes .
just take the fucking upvote .
you 're all wrong , it 's fucking pretty hard .
wow , what the fuck happened to hersh ?
where the fuck are the un inspectors ?
i was definitely serious , what the fuck is this ?
bbc shouldn 't give two shits about ferguson besides highlights .
a pig fucking cop would .
who gives a shit about karma ?
do any of you guys ever once think this shit through ? ? ?
do people get that this whole organization is a fucking joke , yet ?
i bitch in real life too .
but all they seem to do is talk shit anyway , so whatever .
i 'm more alert than most people , and i see shit way before other people .
he sounds like a pussy .
there are crazy fucking assholes everywhere
charge the person who passed this shit law with a felony .
yeah , lets not fucking be hypocrite here or shall we go and ask mr .
shit is crazy expensive depending on what you 're talking about , it is and it isn 't .
holy fuck , you 're bring my world crashing down on me .
it doesn 't fucking matter , either way you can 't get within 18 m of the crash .
what the fuck ever happened to proper discretion ?
doesn 't the un realize yet that nobody gives a fuck what it says ?
this shits actually pretty funny .
hornets were op as fuck in that game .
germany doesn 't take shit from any group that misbehaves .
seriously , who the fuck cares ?
man we treat our water like shit .
i don 't know , reshashing the same joke over and over again is pretty retarded still .
dependence on saudi arabia so fucking ignorant
nothing says shits going down like a ghetto bird overhead .
fire her ass or she can look for another job
think about how institutionalized this shit actually is .
nah , that would be dick in
that 's when the shit really hits the fan .
no fucks were given by this one resources3
shit , we can 't even keep ants out of our goddamn houses .
didn 't fucking work , but the neighbors dog is bald now .
"org "" there 's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random shit like this ."
we cant blame them for being hit by a fucking missile though .
russia says a lot of shit right now , it 's part of their hybrid war strategy .
highest profit , cheapest cost , fuck the end consumer .
""" oh , you can 't afford shit ?"
who the fuck invests in any of his ventures ?
what the fuck is getting the cops so trigger happy ? training ? management ?
so uh , this article is annoying as fuck as it doesn 't actually list the products to avoid .
com i 'm not sure , but it still seems like shit is going down .
you think being a dick to me helps your cause ?
and one dude that got a ton of pussy .
research the subject before you have a bitch fit about whites .
they don 't give a shit about animals .
don 't fuck around with electricity and your brain - simply take more vitamin b6 lucidallnight
thank fucking christ there 's an amendment to prevent that .
i have you tagged as knowing your military shit .
they should put that condescending bitch right in the middle of syria and let her continue her interview .
it is easy being judgmental from the comfort of your ass behind a computer screen .
how in the fuck did bird flu get to antarctica .
exactly , what a fucking shithead the author of this article is .
i think you should keep your o 's to yourself you self - serving fuck
"yea something like "" surgeon general said that an apple a day or some shit"
that is what 's fucked up .
how the fuck is this bullshit getting upvotes ?
yeah , knowingly fucking over your customers is really gonna end well in the long run .
insults and crude comments are not a reason to doxx people and fuck up their lives .
economy only went to shit in the 15 's after politics got in the way .
org how about you do some fucking reading .
plenty of them are fucking cowards .
for - ever youthful till you 'r really old and shit , damn
that shit will be logged , analyzed , and used against you in a court of law .
not the most technically accurate term , but its shit straight out of huxley and orwell .
that 's not suicide , i don 't know what the fuck that is .
why the fuck you guys haven 't stormed parliament is beyond me .
or just spilling shit from the safety of your couch ?
not sure what the fuck i 'm paying for each month .
fuck this giant string of nonsense .
you wouldnt believe the shit ive seen .
africa was in the modern world during apartheid , as fucked as that is .
but no teen should rot in jail forever for some stupid shit they got into in their youth .
he was stupid but shit went too far and he went all crazy .
maybe that little shit shouldn 't have been walking around a park with a fake gun
that 's how pussies without flamethrowers think .
i think it 's more likely he doesn 't give a shit .
i still skip the intro because fuck that .
obama won that shit ? please .
who gives a shit what some crazy asshole in georgia did ?
holy shit , this guy makes kevin de len youtube .
fuck you for masking clickbait with prayer
it 's a competition about who can buy her more shit and say all the right things .
can 't we all just have a few beers and fucking relax for a damn minute ?
the residents of davis have a collective stick up their ass .
just terminated my contract with comcast and returned their shit .
how the fuck does a town of three hundred afford all these city employees ?
holy shit just release them all at the same time .
fuck it , time to buy an iphone with a finger print sensor .
really ? fuck democracy and the will of the people , eh ?
it 'll just about never get to that point , stop being a pussy .
god , you guys eat this shit up like nothing .
and fucking corbett has sworn to veto it even if it does pass .
i 'm honestly thinking about a dashcam to record the crazy shit i see every day on my commute .
smoking the reefer can still get you shit - canned in colorado .
news ? what fucking news , no tinfoil hat but there is a blackout .
and exxon still won 't do shit about it .
getting their shit together to use as fertilizer for their potato farms .
except for the fact that is not a fact and you are talking out your ass .
have to say some of the laws and the people here are fucking retarded .
i now resent my dogs ass hole everytime i go to buy poop bags .
they are the ones that completely fucked up africa and the middle east .
this shit is never going to end as long as saudi arabia exists .
not having proper banking for almost three weeks now is just shit .
that 's a huge fucking stretch and you know it .
well , for once they don 't fucking now anything about outside the u
i mean , have you * heard * the lyrics to his shit ?
the older folks here have their religious heads way too far up their asses .
they aren 't doing it just to fuck with you .
republicans just have the fucking thing removed .
how the fuck can a school president be paid over 40 k a year ?
feinstein is fucking insane * * shes 2 * * why is she in office ! ?
shit , we better pack our bags huh
dont you fucking forget about canada
yeah because people here give a shit about legality .
where the fuck is captain planet ?
we voted for the guy who said he was going to shut this shit down .
musk doesn 't give a shit , though .
"yeah , they could say "" shit happens ."
guns are not banned in germany what the fuck .
oh shit i see these things all the time in nyc .
police can still take your shit without charging you with a crime .
come back to bite them in the ass .
holy fucking shit , you cant make this shit up .
what the fuck is expected ?
did you read the fucking title ? !
you think the us gave a rat 's ass about kosovo ?
"meanwhile , republicans say shit like "" legitimate rape "" ."
""" will you fuck off for $10 ? $20 ? $21"
or people who don 't want to get fucking ebola
krugman is the biggest ass and the laughing stock of economists .
i bet he was shit .
we try to be informed and inform , anger , first , is the source of all this shit .
the average price in the us does it include fucking 92 .
""" i got called a fucking asshole six times today because of you , dickhead ."
"are you talking shit about "" v "" , man ? !"
there 's a bunch of other shit mixed in there that isn 't tanks .
this took me a second but fuck , spot on .
more like need a fucking job .
maybe i 'll go to st petersburg next week before things go to shit .
at one moment , i will probably read it as fuck .
this is that shit right here !
bitch don 't tell * me * what time it is .
bill o 'reilly 's audience is median age 98 , and they lap that shit up .
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want fucking facts .
i just can 't fucking comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily .
sean hannity and bill o 'reilly are going to shit themselves over this
seriously , the cop looks like he 's in a fucking bar fight .
good , hes a fucking terrorist
vice just went full - retard .
fuck me ! looks like someone sprinkled the debris over some of the toughest terrain on this mountain range .
fuck dude , i 'm subbed to r gore and i even found this gut wrenching
just don 't want to look like a dick standing outside parliament house on my own .
this piece of shit lied about saving his nephew and admitted it .
holy shit , not a good year for malaysian airlines .
"around my parts , a 16 round magazine or a fucking flash suppressor makes a gun "" illegal "" ."
someone who knows the guy get him on this shit .
how is it fucked up ?
lmao ! you 're fucking box office !
shit , even here in qatar they only do symbolic slaughter in the city areas with an analog .
to be fair , the cunt who i voted for , dammit is backing the nsa 52 % .
unless you 've got one of those rapidly evolving types that does shit on their own .
go fuck yourself if you think flipping a burger should earn you more money than that .
send them to guantanamo , no ones gives a shit about international laws over there .
dons hussar wings , fuck yeah .
are you fucking kidding me dude ?
wait , they managed to escape after that ? holy shit
co2 doesn 't cause smog , so as usual , obama is full of shit .
i am living there , and it feels like a fucking warzone .
so fuck you for equating the two .
i guess when you mind - fuck the child through fear into not reporting it immediately the first time .
86 a hour , these people are entitled bitches .
i 'm a russian social media user , and i dont give two shits .
it will fix some fuck it , most of it .
syg is a shit law .
how fucking retarded is reddit ?
but that 's just me using logic and shit .
were basically full of shit and likely acting out of their own self interests ?
lol gl , eygpt has a large ass military .
instead of a centrally run economy in which everyone except the political elite is shit poor see soviet union .
it 's a pr move , they 'll tell you acid burned women fucked up by not covering enough .
id argue democrats are fucking idiots but i acknowledge that not all democrats are bad .
there 's still plenty of time for them to fuck this up .
se he got a lot flak for that , but yeah , it was pretty fucked .
first bulgaria tells them to fuck off , and now moldova is .
i 'm going to take my stoned ass over to southparkstudios .
large corporations get fucked too .
that son of a bitch , crazy as he is , he 's got it all figured out .
eventually the religion will win and fuck things up .
fuck it , no posting for anyone
i 'm fucking glad everyone is so outraged by it .
no please do , people need to be reminded of how much of a shit heel ron paul is .
and don 't think i 'm talking out of my ass because i played ultimate for several years .
your shitting me , right ? democratify .
23 % stock value losses overnight , even before the shit hits the fan .
you wouldn 't know a leftist if he bit you on the ass .
australia voted him in * in a fucking landslide * just last year
the dude oh , shit , man .
not trying to be a dick , cause i agree with you .
same goes for those fucking ants .
is it all videos of people 's dicks yet ?
jesus fucking christ , those fuckers need more than 48 years .
cause democrats don 't fucking vote .
people can smoke tobacco without getting cancer , despite shit in it being carcinogenic .
i understand that and it makes me angry ! it just looks like shit .
feminism keeps jumping the fucking shark .
spicejet b738 at surat gujarat on nov 1 th 1 , rejected takeoff after buffalo strike well shit .
they are raising a shit pot of money .
as a still not atheist i must say i give not even a flying shit about what you said .
lol , so that wrong but just droning the fuck out of someone is alright .
get off al gores dick and go find manbearpig
why the fuck are japanese compelled to eat whales ?
forget about that macho shit and learn how to play qatar
because everyone makes a fucking reference to it in every thread about every disease ever ?
yea it seems like a huge shit fest over there
we tell you just how bad you 're being fucked , .
they 'd waste no time in inventing other bogus shit to prosecute people for .
macho man would snap into a piece of his ass .
these things just fucking grow on trees now dont they ?
nobody gives a fuck about iran .
what the fuck is up with australia ?
he 's obviously saying that her lipstick is too fucking red .
""" such a shit word for a journalist or someone trying to be one ."
some people can smoke weed without becoming retarded 61 year olds
what kind of cunt boos a guy at a funeral ?
the service industry is fucked .
are you implying the cops are pussies - - thus they fired out of legitimate fear for their safety ?
follow the rule set by those before you don 't stick your dick in crazy .
my first reaction hahahaha my second reaction fuck .
because the eu 's csdp is a fucking joke .
denmark is not the eu , they eu won 't be involved because of fucking denmark .
none of this means shit yet .
that is some serious denial shit right there .
the priorities of our species is fucked .
but see palin has principles , morals and ethics so that means your theory is completely fucked .
throw enough shit against a wall , and something is gonna stick .
fuck off with that divisive propaganda .
but fuck wal - mart ! come on guys , someone else get mad with me !
this is such a retarded post .
""" fuck yes he 's a liberal senator and goddamn proud of it ! """
considering all the shit the us had done to them that 's really no surprise .
oh shit , i hope you 're wrong .
for fucks sake its * one * relatively minor rule .
it means that the person in charge gets second - guessed by every clever little twat with a mouth .
don 't start shit and you won 't have to deal with it
i just tried making a nore - fuck and virgins joke .
""" well , sir , some dumb bitch got eaten by the lions ."
because they are pussies , weak girly pussies .
hey retard , obama promised you can keep your existing health insurance and doctors .
yeah , fuck the guy that fixed california .
they might have been crazy too but ramsay was a twat
it 's amazing how hard the uk government is shitting the best these past couple years .
not world news , but fucking ill .
i 'm not doing shit friday cept smokin some herb and watching movies .
if so , that 's fucked up .
he should man the fuck up .
mufuckin benadryl , blocking h1 histamine receptors up in this bitch !
that looks staged and green - screened as shit .
why is every map of us military bases so fucking incorrect ?
it wasn 't trudeau 's fault it passed , he just majorly fucked up by supporting it .
that country is a fucking shit hole .
us corps are asking for this you dumb fuck .
all kinds of crazy shit happens when the u
it was an example , for fucks sake .
wow that is a shit ton of cops behind the mob in oakland
the problem is that there aren 't many shit jobs available anyway .
get the fuck off of reddit and go collect your guvmint check for working for the nsa .
just because donald is a sexist ass doesn 't make it true .
fucked up world we 're living in .
you could replace all that shit by going to a gun store and a jeweler .
""" i 'm tired of your motherfucking troops in mother fucking crimea ! """
no fuck to the houthis as well ?
unfortunately , shit rags sell ads like hotcakes so they could easily be worth over $100m .
maybe they wanted the fucking money ? mondoweiss
"he has ascended beyond a mere "" cunt "" ."
no one likes being filmed doing illegal shit , unless they 're stupid .
well then we 'll get the spartans to beat his ass .
fucking scholarly wit , you are .
men who buy children for sex , cause sex trafficking .
this shit is literally how germany was justifying it 's attack on poland .
shit like this pisses me off beyond belief .
you might not claim it was you if your hijackers fucked up and didn 't get the job done .
i don 't care about the nsa and i do shit wrong all the time .
so he could beat the shit out of you and steal your shit while you put it on .
they just care about being better off than others and this leads to nasty evil shit .
"if she 's an example of the "" lost generation , "" for fuck 's sake , stay lost !"
they posted an apology to john gilligan for using his body in the article , which is fucking hilarious .
lol you clearly don 't know shit about drugs
fucking sports parent are the worse .
son of a bitch is just violent .
you 're a lying stupid piece of shit .
the vast majority of europeans don 't give a shit about any religion , let alone bonkers fundamentalist stuff .
i 'm all for gun rights , but give me a fucking break .
shit these days that just means you get assumed to be a drug kingpin and targeted for civil forfeiture .
the right to take pics of our dick .
"in mondern justice system , judgements are the measurment of "" known fuck ups "" ."
""" so so so thankful civil rights leaders of the 43 s werent such flaming pussy faggots"
africa is gray , its ground water is grayer fuck all the arsenic let 's listen to slayer !
i know plenty of irish women that would kick the shit out of you for that lip .
i 'm just tired of getting fucked by two kochs and a boehner .
fuck man that suxxer had less of a punishment than my mom did to me .
"what do i get when your "" guarantee "" falls flat on its ass ?"
they are to pussy lel .
legal doesn 't mean shit when nobody knows what it is or how moral it is .
you mean they weren 't already fucked ?
problem is , shit like this can and does happen .
? get that shit out of here lol
you 've crossed the fucking line .
holy shit , what happened in the 27 's ?
holy shit some of you guys are delusional as fuck lmao
what the fuck did you think would happen ?
who gives an actual fuck about some damn microbe on mars ?
well shit , has the old man committed a crime ? no ?
where the fuck is council at , string ?
this type of shit always happens to me
where the fuck was this obama when the democrats controlled congress .
for example one cares about climate change and the other one doesn 't give two fucks .
holy shit , someones eyes are open !
my wife is polish , they have some hot ass women .
"stop trying to compare this shit to "" papers please ."
""" oh i 'm from a european nation that isn 't doing shit for the world ."
i swear to god if we go to war with north korea because of a fucking movie .
and nobody gives a fuck .
get lost piece of shit .
yeah just post the shit .
so that 95 % is still getting fucked
but even a dumb person knows it was a fucked up idea .
leave this shit at home .
this is what people told you would happen if you fucking invaded iraq .
they will simply tell the recognition system to look for these weird ass fucking faces and investigate them in person
as a female , shit like this makes me hesitant to enlist .
because there 's a lot of good shit out right now .
who will save your ass then ?
you 're a fucking idiot too .
i live in south carolina , and i saw that shit on tv plenty .
i stopped running with them years ago and it 's probably saved my ass a couple of times .
they fucking arranged with the city to protest .
also , holy shit this is in my hometown .
fuck no , but other people aren 't so fortunate .
how the hell do you get upvoted for quoting the fucking article .
and if so , then this is fucked - up .
that 's a bit anti - semitic lol fuck off jidf shill pretty much how it goes .
make sure i continue to get fucked at all stages of my career
thats a good buzz word to get shit done .
how fucking awesome would that be ?
you 've gotta wonder who he pissed off recently to have all this shit 'leak'
dissolve police unions ! if walmart workers can 't unionize , why the fuck can police ?
does nobody here actually read the fucking article ?
i thought it meant in the united states so i was like shit this isn 't good
also , you 're really fucking paranoid .
i 'd like to see them try that shit with russia
unrecoverable my ass , nothing on an iphone is unrecoverable .
this shit makes me feel so helpless .
"i 'm baffled why anyone would give a shit what michelle "" coat tail rider "" obama thinks ."
there 's worse shit than that going on .
but people who do not give a shit about the environment are in the power .
we 'll get dragged in and end up cleaning this shit up once for all .
that 's just how fuck - all it means to be nominated .
or you could use the fucking controls that are right in front of you
fuckin' rebellious ! i like your style
"how the fuck is working in retail "" living the dream """
but you can shit in the bottle if you want to really skew that percentage .
fuck her colleagues that don 't give a fuck about her .
fucking lol the guy who posted this is bernie sanders .
fuck yeah ! , i always think of this kids in the hall sketch youtube
yeah , fuck terrorism , let 's support hezbollah !
he just made up some shit to pander to an african american audience and had to walk it back .
put cameras * * on * * all fucking po * * lice off * * icers
but who the fuck are you to pass that kinda of judgement and make those types a generalizations .
and as long as we keep electing them this country will remain mired in shit .
what the fuck are we doing to each other just too much death and mayhem and not enough civilization .
well shit , my ex must be a serial killer then .
why don 't you trying explaining your nonsense you little twat
then you dont get to bitch about the results .
not even mexico would allow that shit when wal - mart tried it .
i don 't know , man , i 'm hearing a lot of good shit about germany today .
yeah , that 's what they all say - - - when they get their asses kicked .
and who the fuck doesn 't love puppies ?
man , you don 't know shit about saudi arabia .
this justifies people running in and grabbing shit off the shelves and running out , no ?
it sickens me that this shit happens in a country that pretends its the best in the world .
well we are now thoroughly fucked .
once born they stop giving a shit
you don 't see men who fix sewer lines and deal with that shit everyday receiving medals .
who are these other terrorists threatening to fuck up your shit then ?
if only i could afford to move the fuck out of this shitty city .
plus kilts are really fucking warm ! they 're quite heavy
what 's up big mouth , can 't back up your shit talking ?
but mostly thats cause the boats are shit and your average person doesn 't know dick about sailing .
who the fuck gets their wedding catered by a pizza parlor ?
yes , the person in montana is way more important to me than 3 rd world shit holes .
i would expect that from a bunch of candy - ass swedes , but never from norwegians .
yeah , bitches , i have a color printer .
it just seems like that place is fucking savage and filthy .
the last pope blessed an entire fucking fleet of ferraris .
no , you need ace dick to punch them in the snout .
then stop fucking the piss out and let it flow naturally .
fuck that game on veteran 12487127141 grenades thrown at you that detonate instantly is the problem
"i have said it before , and i 'll say it again , "" don 't fuck with canada ."
don 't start no shit , won 't be no shit .
as am i , but it really doesn 't make the previous times any less fucked up .
shit dude , in my city paid sick leave is mandatory .
and they already squatted to shit on their freedom .
what the fuck it wrong with this world .
"you live in a place where it 's okay to call each other "" cunt """
the fucking first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre , in public space .
isis is an egyptian goddess , and she had that name centuries before these little shits came along .
thats not what i meant by shit work , and you still need schooling to become a plumber .
how the fuck does it happen to a kid from the west ?
fuck man very sorry to hear that
if i hadn 't put in 51 last week shit just wouldn 't have gotten done .
oh shit , i 've blown my cover .
maybe you should learn your shit before posting idiotic things .
violent behavior in nam , holy shit , i hope he 's ok .
they had their chance at a decent closure during the last 3 fucking seasons .
i don 't understand russian = shit ? ? ?
praying is what started this shit .
only a few are dicks by default , the rest are just situational dicks .
just a * liiiittle * more heat , and shit 's gonna pop off .
how the fuck do they swim ?
obama inherited a bunch of this shit .
he must be a fool if he 's expecting turkey to save his ass from anything .
that seems pretty fucked up .
just answer the fucking question .
"and yet people scoff and shit on "" keynesian economics "" regularly ."
""" it 's a good story and thank you for posting , but please stop making shit up ."
why the fuck did you post it then ?
right like what the fuck are they gonna pay her ?
we just like cartoon humanoid animals for fucks sake .
all i 'd ask for is 10 minutes to beat the shit out of them for being little shitbags
what the fuck is next edible forks ?
well no shit , it 's r worldnews
ya because we don 't sing it every fucking game right ?
that is why we are better than those shits .
how do you come up with this shit lol ?
it 's fucking depressing only hearing about death , corruption and celebrity scandals .
too fucking many of them on this website lately .
org it 's their fucking reserve force .
god made the coca plant and intended for me to snort that shit in my office before this hearing .
i 'm taking this shit to court .
we don 't need * this * fucking pipeline .
the tube is very efficient most days but outside of london public transport is a fucking joke .
this sick fuck and his poor wife lived two blocks from me when he was arrested .
ie you have no source and are fucking wrong .
which fucking assholes thought this was fake .
""" shit like this has always gone on ."
is the people of usa consious of this or it just doesn 't give a shit about it ?
reddit , can you be anymore shit ?
they are just making shit up off the top of their heads .
i aaaaaaint havin that shit !
it wouldn 't take a fucking year .
you think if you take the moral high ground these people will learn and stop being dicks ? no .
you people believe that politicians really mean any of this shit ?
when is the last time a local police force needed a fuckin' mrap ?
its fuckin mind blowing how people 's brains can 't process this .
he has been doing awful shit since the 70 s .
shit , all they need to do is expel their kids from the british prep - schools they attend .
this shit , this shit right here , makes me not want to use a gas - powered vehicle .
""" they were fucking cousins "" first thing i focused on in your post ."
what the fuck is happening there .
shit makes me happy , yo .
he 's a real piece of shit
holy shit , i knew they were behind on so many levels but this .
ugh , god , why do you have to make this into such a fucking stereotype ?
oh shut the fuck up about bush already .
which is why the system is fucked .
who the fuck cares if they 're drilling again ?
vets can 't do anything other than fuck things up .
so i read the article that op posted and its confusing as fuck .
that 's some bert macklin shit right there .
fast as fuck servers in switzerland with premium means good fast downloads .
"at what point does he give a "" fuck you "" speech and fires a bunch of them ?"
everyone 's saying it 's about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research this shit .
we can 't do shit to anyone and anyone doing shit to us is just wasting time .
"do you think you 're an "" ass "" for just assuming things ?"
nobody gives a shit what you think .
guess it beats being a thin fuck
get some fucking help or something .
""" your brain dead comment is exactly why people shit ."
i am aware of all that shit , was trying to be sarcastic
its 66 am and i want to sleep but fuck man i didnt want to see that .
it isn 't * my * fault your job pays like shit .
thanks to the fuck ton of rain we got .
why are people fleeing the police with shit in their hands all the time ?
i can 't believe people up voted your shit comment .
hey fuck you , we mostly have clay .
holy shit this is amazing .
i 'm in osaka and it 's hot as shit .
now i can buy ass wipe ! .
nobody cares about your bitching though .
if you agree with wars aggression fuck you and your family .
yeah , thanks a fucking lot .
letting the player wear them just encourages fans to throw more shit .
oh yeah they duct taped some fuckin' kids to the mats , aaaaanywho
shit man , pass that joint
it sure as fuck isn 't going to do anything you don 't vote .
protip don 't fucking point guns at cops .
if you shoot for the moon and miss , you wasted a shit ton of taxpayers money .
yeah shit like that never ever happens in the usa
the whole system is shit .
holy shit you see his girlfriend ?
tell him to shut his cunt mouth .
oil or pussy , our classic weaknesses .
holy shit that was awesome .
you could fuck someone up with a frozen water bottle .
one of your countrymen get the shit kicked out of him and you don 't care ?
^ wait , how the fuck do you pronounce muqdadiyah ? ? ?
all this shit proves is that these people are incapable of providing a long - term solution .
africa is corrupt as fuck and anyone could go and trophy hunt for the right price .
i have a joke for you what do you call something filled with hot air and shit ?
i think they 'd lose their shit if he was actually born in bethlehem .
and he doesn 't know what the fuck 71 chan is ?
they aren 't happy about tony abbott pulling this shit .
that kind of fucking langauge offends me !
this shit is becoming utterly ridiculous .
i think the real controversy is closed minded school officials who lie to cover their asses .
the only way this works is if we stop paying attention to this backwoods bitch .
they would still bitch and complain and make this to be something it 's not .
it 's fucking really bad right now .
why shit like baseball , softball , basketball , etc are in the olympics eludes me completely .
how the actual fuck did this happen ?
iraq ? who gives a shit about iraq any more ?
how the fuck do you define an ally ?
and nobody gives two shits about your aunt .
100 per year is still 80 too many , 20 would be fucking egregious .
fuck exercise , this is awesome !
had to scroll down this far to read someone with some fucking sense .
not the exact same but still equally fucked up and deranged .
holy shit , that was a big spike bloomberg .
wow i never knew this , holy shit .
fuck that was tough to watch .
can you imagine how many vulnerable kids she could have mind fucked ?
nobody thought russia was going to be pulling any of this shit either .
this shit should be regulated and taxed .
the world is going to shit long before we run out of oil .
* you need to step away from the fucking keyboard .
you are just a spamming piece of shit .
they would lose their shit over that ! !
what the fuck is wrong with kentucky ?
lol fuck , that is who i meant .
free shit army you mean the idf ?
why would they wait around with their thumbs up their asses for hillary to hand it over ?
i don 't think it 's that , it 's just that hernandez is already fucked .
but people eat that shit up .
and i 'm not even going to respond to that apologist shit .
the government is almost completely bought and doesn 't give two shits what the people want .
as a news organisation , that makes them shit .
hey , respect to op for sticking around and not giving a shit
""" fuck harper "" - every r canada user"
you mean these fucking freaks looking for trouble got fed up of the police doing their job ?
""" shit would probably go down ."
a sad reminder that both sides need to get a fucking grip .
you do not fuck about with aviation .
fuck ! i was really hoping he 'd lose that spill vote !
she fucked up hp and believes her career is a campaign asset .
and this is why many officers go ape shit when the public tries to videotape them .
except they fucked up and building open stadiums .
what the fuck is that cnn 'report' on that page ?
and yet are strangely silent on shit like the tpp .
might fucking run myself with this beauty of a slogan
my guess christian , white , male , tea party , gun lover , pussy .
can 't we just legalize it everywhere , i just wanna get fucking high already .
"dear god heads would fucking roll ! "" i went home to write the bank ."
it 'll fuck your tastebuds up yo .
""" oh shit , mexico , you got an alien attack ?"
who cares , fuck new jersey !
what fuck is wrong with you people ?
but in all fairness , fuck the russians .
that 's right old school is back and it 's wrathful as fuck .
if you think your coworkers organization are shit , you should quit and then voice your opinion .
i can 't believe this shit the government continues to get away with .
holy shit , he 's a cartoon character .
i don 't know how the fuck they get away with that .
but i 'm sure some asshole hacker or corrupt politian will fuck that up for us too .
it 's ironic that half you fucks cared more about the dam dentist who shot the lion .
fuck that , the ivory industry shouldn 't be appeased .
concussions are no joke , and to get one as a kid will seriously fuck your life up .
they make sure that shit looks perfect .
not being an ass , just looking to understand
""" do you guys realize how fucking ridiculous this sounds ?"
"we listened to dick when he said "" let 's go find some wmd 's "" ."
if they were really serious about it , they 've only had 43 years to get their shit together .
bitch please ! she 's bringing rifles to a drone fight .
there is some shit stirrers with multiple accounts in threads like this .
that shit happens all the time .
scariest shit alone and inexperienced .
francois hollande 's a bitch that makes demands but presents nothing else to the table .
don 't give a fuck what people tweet .
don 't know if netflix can swing that amount of cash , but apple google sure as shit can .
what good is a fucking stock pile of 22 lr bullets going to do against a militarized police force ?
you 're exactly what 's fucked up about our politics
then what the fuck was the iraq and afghanistan wars ?
what if this girl was stealing shit in her own home ?
no shit , google what happened to un weapons inspector david kelly in the uk .
well fuck me for being grateful then right ?
fuck no ! , there 's no justification for fgm
shit ! maybe that is why it didn 't look like he was loosing very much blood .
if you think that threatening someone with rape is 'freedom of expression' , then you 're fucked up .
palestinians are treated like shit by many israelies .
seriously by now i half expected the us government not to have shit like this happening all the time
i do as well , but you started this stupid name calling shit remember ?
except if you actually read the article , he said this shit in 18 .
i feel like india is just getting their shit together
he might be right , yesterday i had trouble taking a shit .
the truth hurt your little ass or because this is your sense of control ?
fuck he 's said a few normal things lately .
oh shit , i remember old man .
yeah because nsa only spies on them on not the whole fucking world .
how the fuck do these parrots think that this scandal has anything to do with democrats ?
sounds like dicks are wagging down at the missouri legislature .
shit , some college team is going to benefit greatly .
where the fuck did those pictures come from is the real question .
the planet doesn 't give a flying fuck about these issues .
why the fuck should eu grantee anything for ukraine ?
i 'm sick of this shit
god fucking dammit , we 've still got 3 more months of this bullshit .
this happens every fucking time a new gta game comes out .
if this pact comes into global law we all are truly fucked .
this shit is still going on ?
wonder who raised these retarded girls .
people in first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge and shit .
op is a misleading piece of shit .
so because some little shit from 90 years ago did it , you should ?
you know you fucked up when canada is ready to fight you
"this is unprocessed oil - sands junk edit not that that means this is "" fuck all """
detroit and their fucked up police need to change .
my local trader joes must just be filled with cunts .
plus , the justice system can be total shit sometimes .
fuck you , souless greedy fuck .
$50 barrel oil for the next * * 27 years * * you 're fucking dreaming .
"game of thrones is more like "" this is some real world shit right here "" ."
agreed that our state pa is worse , mainly for its fucking ridiculous liquor laws and terrible roads
no more blacking shit out for national security purposes .
how the fuck does anyone think abstinence education works still ?
someone else already filled me in you fucking stupid troll cunt .
those 34 limas are sexy as fuck .
holy shit this is so fucking true .
er definitely fucked up , big time .
holy shit the comments on that article are depressing .
fuck , give me 99 99 .
ron mother - fucking swanson youtube
what the fuck is a furry convention ! ?
this exact part of town is where everyone goes to buy there drugs , it is the fucking ghetto .
place is a barbaric shit hole that exports terrorism &amp the ideology that drives most of it .
obviously someone who 's reporting this story is doing jack shit about it .
lets not exaggerate an already fucked up situation , it accomplishes nothing .
what the fuck do you want me to do ?
unless they are mobile games because fuck mobile games .
shall we take the bentley or the prius to the baby seals are soo fucking cute rally ?
make sure to toast 9 - 9 slices because it 's delicious as fuck .
what the fuck did they even charge him with ?
china has got to be kidding with this shit .
oh shit that sounded better then money
they 've simply cried wolf too many times , and now it 's biting them in the ass .
yep , uk elected these cunts , they deserve everything they get as a result .
and there are not a lot of options here in this tiny bum - fuck town .
you are out your rabbit ass mind if you think both of these groups are equal .
they dont do shit half way .
he was in fucking guantanamo bay .
i would like to see them say the shit they 're talking , to a group of hunters .
he 's living high , why should he give a shit .
honestly , it sounds over but this shit is just getting started .
we have a big earthquake coming , and it 's going to fuck shit up .
what the fuck happened to us in the last 5 years ?
dozens ? are you fucking kidding me ?
""" why wont the fucking door open ? ! """
actually , we 've got some similar shit going down in wisconsin .
it was a fuck ton .
that shit is actually fixable .
""" he 's about to enter the shit - tornado to oz"
a few people have blown their shit the hell up trying to make shatter .
damn your country is weird .
how does someone fuck up their job this badly .
why the fuck are they attacking us if we 're ready to leave ?
plenty of holocaust deniers actually believe the crazy shit they say .
believe me the emirates does not give a shit about migrant labour .
i have no idea who this guy is but fuck him
if i got a shit draw , i wouldn 't take it laying down either .
oh fuck off , edgy kid .
fuck that shit bro i live on the edge
shit , i 'm german and i 've never heard most of the brands in lidl before .
""" and don 't you fucking encrypt your data so we can 't get it ! """
and they fucked themselves by publishing falsified data for a decade and pumping out laughably biased studies .
these people don 't give a shit about you .
focus less on name calling and teasing and go fucking vote this time .
they have the best weaponry in the world , its not easy to fuck up like this .
fuck , the world really is getting serious about this is shit .
no , this type of shit getting any media attention is rare .
i wonder how cops feel about the families they have fucked up for no reason ?
just moved to vancouver wa , leaving all that eastern mordor minded shit behind .
that big ass dam of yours begs to differ .
geert wilders is one of the biggest pieces of shit in european politics .
only white people do fucked up shit like this .
not even nelix would fuck her now .
cops have become fucking pirates .
but , that bitch did set him up .
it doesn 't take fucking sun tzu to see this shit is heading in a dark direction , dude .
speak for your fucking self .
my god , fuck these people .
why the fuck do you need an article to explain ?
how the fuck can she sell out like that ?
shit , well these comments aren 't gonna be pleasant towards blacks .
i love seeing all you fuck nut libertarians claim that poor people are the problem .
you can find thousands of videos about ufos and shit that people believe .
hillary is going lose her shit when warren gets the nomination .
are you a troll or just fucking retarded ?
i wouldn 't tell a fucking soul .
come back when you get a handle on your shit problem .
ok - i can second this , that nicaraguan coffee is fucking amazing .
how fucking bizarre was that ?
also kissinger also arafat the peace prize is a complete fucking joke .
just how the fuck can they even do that ?
sounds like some boiler room shit to me
it 's such a fucked up situation .
identity politics can be a bitch
sounds like ukraine is p fucked then
no , * he 's * busy doing whatever idiotic shit he 's up to these days .
nice only if you don 't mind having all these fucking iguanas on your coffee table ! youtube
this isnt going to do its job when my dumb ass drops it
funny ? you must find shit at r funny to be hilarious
that 's some seriously twisted fucking logic right there .
instructions unclear , dick stuck in curry .
can confirm , my dick remembers everything .
but you really * do * see that shit sometimes .
your reading comprehension is more fucked up than a football bat .
i hope wilson sues the fucking shit out of them .
well shit , pardon me for trying to add to the discussion
""" fucking nsa , what , now a surveillance base there as well ?"
that 's a lot of shit
you get shot , then fucked .
fuck greenpeace , fuck them so hard
bankers can do whatever the fuck they want , even fly through blockades .
but i 'm sure you actually have zero fucking clue what fascism means .
and of course i had to use 28 rd party tools to clean all that shit up .
then break it to them that you think their hotel is shit d
now you are just making shit up .
why the fuck does the us have a military base in near venice ?
it 's fucking 2017 and women are still dealing with this repressive bullshit ?
but what the actual fuck that made me want to just fucking puke
the founding fathers would shit themselves if they saw how laws and their enforcement evolved in the us
what a load of rubbish , who up votes this kind of shit post ?
they have plenty , even though their gov 'ts are even more fucked up .
the fucking referee of the internet ?
or someone will eventually be deep in their shit ? ie prison
people are fucked up and religion is a nice cover
i could give a a shit about obama , i was just pointing out the irony .
or , you could just grow the fuck up .
shit just realized it was a fisker karma .
""" fuck this jiggery - pokery , i 'm retiring ! """
some people have fucked up double standards .
this was all al gore 's fucking fault ? !
wouldn 't take much for a big lab factory facility to produce shit loads of illegal drugs .
but the answer certainly isn 't congress doing it 's job and fixing the fucking law , right ?
jesus , that is fucking horrible .
brownback has fucked up the fiscal situation so badly that his own party is split on him .
not so good for the officers putting their asses on the line .
i fucking knew this sensationalist bs would be the title of all posts to come .
catholics literally make shit up that is not in the bible .
anyone that takes either extreme is fucking retarded in my book .
there still be more of these asses .
"how fucking sad that public service is now considered "" far left "" ."
everyone getting rico charges in this bitch
what was the velocity of the foot when it entered his ass ?
cops are just kind of fucking wierd , the way they talk and such .
nobody should have to kiss their ass goodbye with time for a proper wash .
you think the us gives a shit about the children^tm ?
"get yourself educated dumb fucks "" ."
we just hear more , but this kind of shady shit has always been a thing .
most of the cops on the force in my area are former combat veterans and they 're fucking assholes .
from your username i doubt you really can fuck anything
that 'd be a shit time to start being symptomatic
first world countries don 't owe third world countries jack shit .
well , now you know , why the fuck saddam gassed those fucks .
no one gives a fuck you creep
i couldn 't give a fuck less about these rich people problems .
if there was enough oil for america to get involved you would bitch about that too .
lol are we fucking serious ?
it 's fucked up and i think undermines the sovereignty of the caymans and cr , but still .
detroit is a city , and actually getting it 's shit together surprisingly ! .
we ended up with our fucked healthcare system because of it
alright peter bunny , get the rabbit hairs out of your ass .
i could care less what this murdering psycho fucking weasle shit thinks .
no matter if you believe in rose or brutality , its a shit way to play the game .
i really really hate that shit from established companies .
he isn 't being investigated * instead * , you drooling retard
this is good and all , but damn nigga
i wonder if they have all my dick pics i lost when my last couple phones crapped out .
in all seriousness what the fuck ?
fucking idiots who made the threats probably think they 're funny .
i barely give a shit who my own brother dates , let alone a bunch of strangers .
that went from a forest to engulfed in like 15 seconds ! what the actual fuck .
dibs on fucking the list .
the country where they get shit done .
i can 't wait for the press conference with pussy riot .
i live in the area and i honestly don 't give a shit .
why the fuck would that even be suggested .
we are tired of europe 's fucking whining .
totally fuck the guy who wrote the article .
"at some point somebody could knock over table saying "" fuck you bloody cheater ! "" ."
shit like this is why i 'm so attached to the 2 nd amendment .
it 's just a fucking circle - jerk that will allow everyone who sides with it to feel superior .
a fair number of women would have shot his ass .
or it the usual limp dick response ?
only in the news because teenagers came up with it in conclusion fuck this .
he 's here to fuck shit up .
yes i know drug money fuels our government , but fucking hell .
it even says in the article that its source is a german newspaper ! this place is fucking ridiculous .
that is not going to do shit .
yeah ! fuck civilians ! that 's the spirit s
""" but daddy i want to fuck my boyfriend at the summer home this weekend ! """
its the same book for fuck sake .
look at the dead soulless eyes of that bitch .
what the fuck is going on with turkey ?
"it 's not "" a fucking island "" ."
who could have known that one little letter would turn me into an ass man for life .
ast time a group like this reared its head for fucks sake these comments are shit .
you filthy american shit pig fuckers sent by my iphone
the shit is already annoying to start with , every ten minutes it 's horrid .
i think we have better things to care about in paris than to showcase this shit .
smoking doesn 't cost tax payers shit , it builds fucking schools .
and all their rights and shit
they could care less about shit like this .
it could one day become president and fix this shit !
what the fuck happened to the anti trust department ?
"news in spanish asking for miley cyrus arrest for "" whiping her ass "" with mexico 's flag proceso"
what the fuck did you just say to me ?
fuck you for being rude to someone different than the one who was rude to you earlier .
how fucking dumb do you have to be to do this right in front of a judge ?
it 's a fuckin wheelie bin , mate !
except i know a bunch of poor pieces of shit who do aderall everyday .
i think i would place the blame on whoever shot the fucking sam 's .
holy shit , the amount of pure crazy in that article is astonishing
seems to me that 's enough to label anyone as full of shit .
if they are stupid enough to let this happen they deserve to be bit in the ass
the only reason it didn 't happen was due to fucked up politicians , not money .
omg what a load of bull shit .
fuck the war on drugs .
"my guess is more like "" guy who put his dick in a blender "" ."
saudi arabia does it and nobody gives a fuck .
i thought the irs stores their shit still on those cassettes .
they were getting fucked well before then , all of a sudden people care now apparently
to be fair , slaughterhouses are super fucked .
"do you have any idea how fucked we are if they come here ? """
that 's a long ass lease .
if you don 't want to be called a fascist , don 't act like a fucking fascist .
things are weird and shit .
you alone can 't do shit .
panic all that fucking money spent on spying on you legal or not , wasted .
holy shit , how can you people be so dumb ?
however when people who live there can 't get the representation they need it gets fucked up .
fuck the bad police only , a lot of them are really great people .
dont feel the need to reply if its not a useful post for fucks sake .
hard to take him serious with some of his shit talking also high speed rail is going nowhere
language barrier could be a bitch .
i avoided that shit like the plague .
no way he is getting his filthy lying mouth any near my dick .
which they violate all the fucking time
"who gives a fuck what you think his "" intentions "" or "" relevance "" is ."
"i think we can go ahead and file that in the "" no shit "" folder ."
everyone feels fucking oppressed these days .
i only read the one by obama for the same reason he 's a dick .
"and then they stand dumbfounded when people dare say "" fuck you "" back to them ."
fuck cvs , by far the worst pharmacy ever .
this shits been on the front page of wikipedia and bbc for a week .
lewis were kind of fucked , too , even if it was all ironic .
i love that this is even a fucking debate any more .
too bad fifa doesn 't give 2 shits about this .
if people didn 't buy this shit they wouldn 't be doing it .
this shit is like the superbowl for these cops .
he was in two fucking episodes out of almost 100 episodes .
i wonder if he ever saw the irony or if he was too fucking selfish to care .
you think the cop that will beat your ass cares about your record .
i wonder how many dick pics the have been able to amass .
that 's * my mother * they 're fucking with .
it 's the fucking worst of the worst .
i 'm using my ipad , i put that in originally but autocorrect is a son of a bitch .
raised ? it 's been there for a long fucking time already .
i just saw one of those and couldnt fucking believe it .
"fuck you ! ! ! gosh , well , * that * sure "" showed "" me ."
his blood contents hemoglobin and other shits 6 .
how much more do i need to add to that to not be a lazy ass slacker anymore ?
of course they endorse it , they dont earn shit .
she is a fucking moron .
oh no you already shit yourself
we can cure some bacterial infections , we can also cure some ham with that shit .
fuck whatever reason he had for voting against it .
"everyday i get closer and closer to saying "" fuck this ."
they better fucking nerf shoes .
i 'm mean , he 's got to have at least 71 already because he cares so fucking much .
that shit wouldn 't fly where i went to college .
are you defending this shit ?
"meanwhile , missouri 's legislature is itchin' do do the same shit to "" stay competitive "" with kansas ."
i 'd fucking give you gold if not for shitty fucking shit .
people as a whole are dumb as shit .
and is invested in oil fuck .
it 's because she wants to dick wave for the local crowd .
"i know , they could even be more direct and say "" we win because fuck you ! """
we re just supposed to know he she 's making shit up .
when dope is made legal afghanistan will be our opium - production bitch .
give me a fucking break you pussy .
the fuck , anti - mine vehicles , m16s , and grenade launchers ?
anonymous is so fucking annoying .
you 're shit out of luck of you ever start to make less money than before .
i fucking hate that shit .
i 'm not being a dick .
law enforcement is becoming a shit show isn 't it ?
well they did some pretty horrific shit .
right , as if all other militaries are fucking angels from jesus
""" i 'd like some evidence "" omgwtf you fucking rape apologist"
sorry to burst your bubble , but this shit absolutely happened in the us .
and ? what 's your fucking point ?
they don 't give a shit about benghazi .
i mean a high amount of current shit , sure .
which was my fucking point ?
why the fuck do they even care about the price ?
they won 't stop until they either wipe each other out or they get rid of their fucking religions .
who gives a shit if they 're drunk and high ?
was it really necessary to say something so misogynistic while talking shit about kim ?
oh wait , most cops are jack asses
oi ! scooby doo gets shit done ! i don 't remember any unsolved case by these fine detectives !
"as if colleges give a dick about a "" high school record "" ."
it 's someone 's pet pig , not a fucking grizzly bear .
the whole shit pile is nihilism actually .
what about for ass play ?
that is some hoover - shit right here .
this law is fucked up .
you see this sort of shit and think people can 't possibly believe it ?
yeah holy shit i thought that was a joke ! i didnt hear anything about it !
who gives a shit about the press part ?
"it 's amazing how quickly a thread devolves into "" fuck the usa "" ."
that shit should never be forgotten .
someone fucking put these towers up right under everyone 's noses .
this is the kind of shit that gets people to believe in conspiracy theories .
the new one was a bouncer and will kick your ass if you say that to his face .
i 'm fucking afraid as well , i fear we 're next .
god damnit , fucking ipad autocorrected that
that is there fucking problem and now they 're dealing with it .
their brains aren 't fully developed and i 'm sure life in prison would only further fuck them up .
holy shit , somebody gets it .
yeah , he 's a dick but this isn 't his fault .
why the fuck did she throw her own child in a dumpster .
just because some indians died hundreds of years ago doesn 't mean indians on the rez deserve free shit .
nobody is in a panic here and frankly it seems nobody gives a shit .
fucking appalling ! i 'm so disgusted and saddened by this .
giving africans free shirts and other shit kills swaths of their economy
justice systems are pretty fucked up in general , the us being no exception , but damn , russia .
it is already out you can find a version with english sub 's and it is fucking fantastic .
well now i feel like an ass .
com sucks ass with the insane amount of ads it serves .
yeah , fuck those edumacted scholars , they ain 't even smart enough to believe in jesus !
"and everyone said "" who the fuck is this guy ? """
what a completely fucked up place .
if you think that 's normal you know fuck all about weed prices .
confirmation bias and anecdotal evidence all up in this bitch .
thy fucking took it down ! sonnuvahbitch !
don 't fuck with the chuck .
this is awesome jtrig shit , downvoted for stating a fact
"they are the "" i got mine , fuck you ."
would you care to explain why there would be a shit storm and why should i care ?
the rest were a fucking mess .
hard to believe so many numbskulls choose to be cynical fucks over something that might actually have happened .
and how fucked up is that ?
if you 're going to correct someone do it without being a dick .
that 's so fucking spot on .
north carolina tried to , but their uppity asses got bodyslammed with the past elections .
"not even brave enough to say "" fucking "" ."
just whatsapp your fucking mp .
you know , the kind that reddit bitches about all day .
nope , in holland nobody gives a shit , except the immigrants .
they do the same shit as isis .
funny how those republicans who quote that all the fucking time are quiet right now
is your pension important enough to leave such a fucked up world to future generations ?
i fucking love that motto .
ebola ! benghazi ! liberal media my ass .
i don 't give a shit about you
? that 's a shit thing to do .
this woman is fucked , and not in the good way .
no , you 're being fed pure marketing shit and you love it .
if you want to brutally murder people you might be fucked in the head as well .
way to link to the wrong fucking sub .
this is fucking baffling to me .
shit , i remember when it was $9 .
also , she was a bitch .
and people who spread ignorance by pulling irrelevant fake stats out of their ass
so they go insane making up new shit .
you know that , fuck this .
homo = homosexual , how the fuck is that ignorant you idiot ?
he gets shit on for a reason .
are you completely fucking insane ?
and no one wants to fuck with china .
they talk shit and support wahabism , you know those isis - types ?
india is corrupt up the ass .
paranoid fucks every last one of them .
universal right to carry automatic weapons everywhere do people really believe this shit ?
two cans and a string , bitches ! this news , however alarming , failed to be surprising .
how in the actual fuck did h&amp r block sneak anything into a senate bill ?
you should have invaded iraq with us , you fucked up .
don 't fucking pull this shit if you 're gonna just do what you accuse others of doing .
"now fuck off and let me watch pawn stars "" he replies ."
it takes a seriously fucked up individual to do that shit .
what dubious pile of shit our government is .
instructions unclear noodles stuck in dick
fine , but at least choose wording that doesn 't make us look like giant fucking hypocrites .
too much fucking spreading horror tales about fucking isis and bullshit too goddamit lol fuck this shit .
something to keep in mind when fucking with the future
if you 're in favor of raising taxes on cigarettes then you 're a fucking retard .
probably because this pope is a liberal shit head
he 's just sitting there in his fuckin office swatting flies .
gold bread you can 't make this shit up !
why do we hear so much stories about how the us police is fucked up ?
so he 's pulling a dick cheney ?
they fired first because they were fucking surrounded by people who wanted them wiped off the planet
being shit at the box office is what 's detrimental to a career .
who gives a flying fuck ?
this should be getting more attention , not some dick wagging war mongering wet fantasy dream .
shut up obama and just legalize that shit homie .
the planet is fine the people are fucked ! youtube
is there anything the gwbush administration touched that they didn 't fuck up ?
you are out of your mother fucking mind .
sounds like this guy is nosy as fuck too .
doctor doom won 't put up with that shit .
reddit 's a fickle bitch innit ?
they 're fucking little man children .
fuck you , i like my ge trivection oven .
if you burned your own dick then it 's your fault
this shit is midieval and evil .
""" lol fuck the poor , they don 't got fishes and loaves like this ."
yeah man , fuck our privacy or the right to be dumb when you 're young .
which is why conservatives are trying so hard to fuck with education .
when did * john * fucking * kerry * grow a sack ?
what a fucking arrogant asshole .
i personally think both parties aren 't worth shit .
shit ! i just did it too .
there was a fucking earthquake
also , good fucking luck getting the gop congress to spend any time or money improving mental health initiatives .
can you imagine how fucked up it would be if they weren 't caught ?
unsc is too busy quietly wondering why the fuck russia is a permanent member .
why do we continue to accept to be fucked like this .
majority of america shrugged it off , hence no outrage outside of reddit and 48 chan and shit
what the fuck are they doing , then ?
what ? what the fuck do gun rights have to do with the marathon bombing ?
the fucking story is more than a year old jackass .
is the chinese projection so shit they will have to send their soldiers in on a commercial flight ?
that 's basically the same shit the israel defense force says to the gazans .
but again i honestly don 't know how the shit works .
frankly i 'm not sure what the fuck point you 're even trying to make .
enough time to get shit done and no pandering to make sure you 're re - elected .
it 's a real shame that prion diseases are fucking terrifying !
hey man keep that shit to yourself .
dude wasn 't complying for shit .
take that shit down now , twitter ! !
what the fuck do they care about women 's health services for everyone else ?
aw no , all fucked up
i would rather that shit get cut off when i 'm really not aware of it .
but i seriously hope they fucking bring that stuff back sooner rather than later .
which is really fucking scary .
yeah , pretty fucking sure buddy .
you don 't know shit about india except for what the r worldnews hate - circlejerk tells you .
recently i 've said fuck it and just keep walking until one of them moves .
they have nothing to do with disease control so who gives a shit what he thinks
dude are you fucking nuts ?
hey guys who gives a fuck !
i signed that shit so hard this morning .
fuck you and everything about the title of this post .
shut the fuck up you socialist piece of shit .
how fucking awesome is that !
"who the fuck is jared ? """
think of all the shit we could do with that .
both sides ie the mass media is just fucked currently .
the fuck am i doing in the internet ?
what kind of fucking imbecile builds a giant parabolic reflector trained on the street of a major city ?
""" what the fuck kind of margin is that ! ?"
shit , and i was going to go to a national park for my fall break .
at what point does a country just say fuck it and not keep track anymore ?
take your arrogant ass and fuck
fuck , when 's the next debt ceiling vote ? .
casualties would obviously be low but it 'd be scary as fuck .
who the fuck are you gona call when that happens .
i 'm russian , most people i know just dont give a fuck
well put a fuckin' coat on , son .
if they wanted to hide it why would they fucking report it in the first place ?
he did terrible shit as well .
what a dick thing to say .
anything else is just fucking lazy .
and you 'd have claimed he fucked up if he didn 't save bergdahl .
people said the same shit 10 years ago after the 10 elections .
that 's the pussy way out of dealing with your police being over aggressive asshole s
holy fuck , do i have a movie for you
can you give us some examples of fucked up texas laws ?
yes ukrainians actually really published such shit
com it 's bout this fucked up situation and these fucked up police
i missed that first part and scrolled down to the shit that mattered
obviously i 'd also prefer it if both sides would do their fucking jobs .
these areas were semi - autonomous , why the fuck then is there a war for slightly more autonomy ?
i 've finally fucking seen it all .
where the fuck did that tidbit come from ?
what does the fucking federal government have to do with keeping stupid consultants traveling from getting confused ?
but i 'd only be interested if you were sending actual shit .
"shit , i thought "" throw away my vote "" was a universally understood phrase ."
how ironic if he gets ass - raped in prison .
you want to get nuked in your ass ?
i was thinking about the 67 election which was pretty fucking insane
i know you 're blowing this out of your ass
if you 're serious this is big shit .
the us should not stick its dick in crazy .
what the fuck , why do you have to bring that into this ?
hey look at the * * ass * * hole everybody !
tl dr i need my paycheck , fuck the rest of you
shit , i hadn 't heard of that .
sounds like a match was lit then they hauled ass
for whatever reason , your comment just blew my fucking mind .
russian forces would almost certainly get their asses out of there the second nato armour gets near donetsk .
you say h erbs , we say herbs , because there 's a fucking h in it
yet when things go to shit , they blame the us for not doing anything .
that is some seriously vindictive nearly american level of anti - drug shit right there .
this could either be really good , or a real fuck up .
"not an apology , not a "" my bad , dog , "" nor a "" we fucked up ."
how the fuck you gonna link to the dailymail ?
"shit , "" the great firewall "" is a real thing ."
telling the media , however , i don 't fucking know what they were thinking .
how the fuck is wearing a full burka really a threat to public safety ?
we actually could compete if we just fucking voted .
* lower the fucking tax rate ? ? *
sidenote holy shit , newsweek has the most polite internet comment section i 've ever seen .
* * they hit the fucking pentagon
think for yourself , fuck your idiot friends .
he 's from new ro you ignorant fuck .
holy shit , i hope you 're a troll .
the church of lost fucks welcomes you
holy shit , californians making a correct decision for once ?
"it 's amazing how many people follow "" i fucking love science "" that don 't believe in science ."
what is wrong with wondering what you call your parents , you fucking douche ?
the exact fucking opposite of every woman i know .
they could see it clearly as day and simply not give a fuck so long as they get theirs .
they were probably wondering what the fuck was going on .
that was fucking awesome man thank you !
lately things in egypt has gone to shit .
shes got to eat , drink , piss and shit .
don 't fuck with the police .
i mean fuck the entire planet if we can get cheap , cheap gas right ?
fuck anyone who uses this argument .
what the fuck is up with these terrorists extremists lately ?
as long as companies aren 't cunts and raise prices by a huge margin but they will
holy shit , way to overreact .
it tastes like shit , but that 's why you only really drink it while eating .
if it 's cheap as shit , they 'll know it cant be the real thing .
shit will fuck up and or end your life .
i see that , but the rest of the video is just shit as well .
russian politicians prefer to fuck taxpayers , not their kids .
kids are dead you fuck .
run for your fucking life .
fuck my scruples , it 's an oil company .
now that is a fucking next level novelty account .
i don 't care if i get downvoted to hell , but amanda knox is guilty as fuck .
people are rude as shit .
where the fuck are their parents at ?
shit is crazy around here .
god damn , that is one low fucking bar .
don 't laugh that kind of shit does happen .
same shit different president puppet .
fuck , not again > islamic state militants in eastern syria oh .
in a thread like this , being that fucking vague is pretty goddamn toxic .
you 're funny as ebola infested shit
you don 't see the fucking irony here ?
who the fuck keeps playing the game after you 've won ?
i 'm pretty sure detroit is still shit compared to moldova .
we don 't fucking live in africa dude .
dude is broke as shit .
too many fucking old people in fl .
and ? he is a criminal piece of shit .
yell at the fucking thing and make a huge commotion til * it * runs away .
either is any shit out of america .
that is a fucking cop .
there wouldn 't be shit the rest of the world could do to stop them , either .
""" you can put this shit on shit "" - new slogan"
i don 't think you understand how fucked cartels are .
it 's a big fucking deal this world cup thing .
man you editorialized the shit out of that title , how about you go read the rules .
i mean in usa the shit got so chaotic lately .
fuck , my video card is tweaking out again .
the conan one , jeez , how does that shit happen ?
but now that shit is illegal
can these people , please , for the love of fucks sake , stop eating bushmeat .
this site is so fucked it is amazing .
i 've never counted on a government to save my ass .
it annoys me so much as an asian american because i keep getting this stereotype shit .
"it 's that some form of "" go fuck yourself "" command ?"
yeah , its fucking hilarious that she has committed treason and tried to play it off as a klutz .
a fucking deal if you ask me .
the kooyman i know is a completely evil piece of shit .
obviously you know jack - shit about what is happening in crimea .
this shit right here israel is why almost no one in the west supports you anymore .
fuck off putin , stalin was no better than hitler .
what if it is polished and shiny but dented as fuck from all the fights ?
why ? hide that shit or delete
fuck it , you made me smirk then mentally berate myself , have an upvote you devious bastard .
i also understand that they are full of shit .
it 's like , why the fuck do you think they are doing it ?
whoever did this is fucked .
"i think you can do better than "" fucking sleazeball "" ."
wtf man that 's fucke up
don 't give jobbik any fucking ideas .
my ass is full of questions .
dont be so sure about shit u didnt see or experience .
people are going to stop paying for shit that help destroy the internet .
that shit is not ok .
this shit is a national disgrace at this point .
what the fuck kind of thread did i walk in on here ?
fucking pussies ! you 're not gonna do shit you cowards ! boooooooo
that guy is a piece of shit .
i am sick of this motherfucking shit
we better figure that shit out soon before everyone is too poor
the rest of us would be utterly fucked .
it 'd be a bitch to get food for that many people there .
fucking media , bunch of vultures .
this response is fucking amazing .
this shit will be approved after a feinted discussion
tired of sitting around doing fuck all because it 's too expensive to go anywhere .
i thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't big business 's bitch ?
that shit never happened under bush .
wtf australia , your politicians are fucking insane .
or like passing giant spiders come by to fuck up their statues or something .
yea , sweden has a shit load of oil money , a small population and very little immigration
fuck scott walker , i just hope his run exposes him
what in the actual fuck just happened ? seriously .
if he doesn 't do anything and shit goes down he need to cover his ass .
that shit was fixed that quick or was it bullshit meant to deceive as other agendas were pursued ?
because that would be fucked up ?
he 's so far up the right - wing american ass , it 's frustrating .
edit who the fuck downvotes facts .
as someone who actually lives in vietnam , let me just tell you how fucking wrong you are .
let 's say they allow for a 57 meter space in between tanks , turrets and shit .
yeah , how about you maybe say that * * on fucking monday
who the fuck wants to live there anyways
things like this make me give zero shits about how overly - secular france tries to be .
the titles almost as much of a cluster fuck as turkey itself .
let 's hope so , since * that 's exactly what he fucking did .
i 'd rather see justin bieber then that fake ass piece of shit .
oh shit , i 'm spiraling i 'm spiraling
"unless the next potus is another "" let 's compromise "" pussy ."
once they send a strongly worded letter i 'll know shit got real .
he 's a jesuit , those guys don 't fuck around about the poor and their mission .
fuck that , that part of texas has always been pro - oil .
and a lot of * fucking jobs * .
you know to protect freedom and shit .
when i hear this shit now i just laugh .
the only reason people do this shit is because they know they will become famous because of the media .
this is some crusader kings ii level shit here .
and not be doing shady shit behind it .
this fuck should answer for his crimes .
obviously they fucking do not ! in this case they didn 't even do the bare minimum ?
not to be confused with the legal firm bull shit associates .
the legislatures are the ones that created this , and are typical evil pieces of shit .
so what the fuck was the interview ?
it 's called a museum , you ass .
but god damn he 's killing our job market god damnit !
how the fuck is sophie mollison not a troll .
google glass is creepy as fuck .
if our livelihood was not at stake this shit would be absolutely hilarious .
once people find out what 's in that shit they are going to tweak .
i still think one big ass shot of heroin wold do the trick .
don 't let 'em bring you down , you are right no matter what ! fuck the experts !
because no one gives a shit about some blacks in detroit that are just trying to live decent lives ?
"or "" holy shit look at the opportunity that just fell at our feet "" ."
this shit might have flown 58 years ago , but thankfully this tard is gonna learn otherwise very quickly .
i 'm not cut out for that shit .
hey , call of duty no one gives a shit .
! you 're getting your ass kicked .
but seriously they pretty much said they 're going to name it whatever the fuck they want anyway .
that is a fucking dangerous idea .
"i thought you were going to say "" they are actually working together to fuck us in our assholes ."
it 's basically a 'fuck off i 'm not saying anything , bother somebody else' comment .
what exactly is your fucking problem here ?
how the fuck did the criminal get the gun
this shit is a global network .
jesus christ i really hope this doesn 't fucking happen .
but what * kind * of piece of shit ?
like i said , not a problem , we 've got this spying shit on lockdown .
fuck you , i 'm not clicking that .
there 's a lot of unacceptable shit on tv .
yeah cross the 75 th parallel north and see ! dumb asses
mostly because they put the fucking stadium out so far no one wants to drive there .
for all we know aliens get really fucked up on epsom salt .
ah ha , hush that fuss bitches better move to the back of the bus
we are not in a fucking hurry to find something that we can 't reach anytime soon .
not giving a shit about the rights of others is one of the defining characteristics of a conservative .
that 's why you never say a fucking word until you speak to an attorney .
and fucking in the bathroom .
now they have exclusive access to a captive market and are trying to gouge the shit out of it .
because fuck you and get back to work .
you don 't have to know shit about policy to have strong opinions .
i think soon , especially if they push for this shit .
also , hawaii has fucking ski resorts
tallest trees catch the most wind , but skyscrapers don 't give a single fuck .
walter was a pretty big fuck up , dude .
how the fuck do you think i feel ?
take the time to do the research , and stop posting ignorant shit online
he is the governor of my state and he hasn 't really fucked us much .
holy mother of fuck it 's an std too ?
yeah but you criticized me before so fuck you .
jesus , when did we get so fucking bad at spy shit ?
china won 't do shit cause they know better .
he always seems to know what he 's doing when the shit hits the fan .
pull some jack bauer shit and take out like 77 of those fuckers before you go out .
the ukraine has been through enough shit in the past .
with the pieces of shit we have for representatives today there 's a lot of room for improvement .
if children are doing that kind of shit , there 's probably some mental health issues going on .
pretty sure its not his shit idea .
it wasnt the pictures of his shit that made me sick either
""" that is the sixth fucking line of the article ."
shit buying duals now and sitting on them for a year is guaranteed money .
it 's ok , they completely fucked themselves a long time ago .
attention don 't fucking go to north korea
no they 're not , the fuck are you talking about .
holy shit when will this story die ?
obama to propose new initiative to give free shit to members of his voting coalition .
open you 're mind up , and learn some shit you fuckers .
he is a good guy and went through a lot of shit for that medal .
because they are the party of fucking progress
that 's the fucking point of offensive language .
i think it 's the queue to cover the ass of the guy who does .
exactly , fuck the part about ethical or moral .
and why the fuck was he carrying a knife ?
cause all i see is lol finish winter war bring it bitch !
i flag all that shit .
i say fuck em , i would have done the same .
what the fuck is going on in that subreddit ?
hell , belgium had fucking slavery in the congo into the 58 s .
but come 15 we 'll be back in the shit because nobody shows up for midterms .
oh jesus christ , nobody gives a shit about that pointless distinction .
reeeeeeee this is legitimately fucked up though
shit is about to get real .
if you think these annoying trends are so obvious to people why do they keep getting fucking upvotes ugh
yup , justify a bullshit illegal curfew from power hungry shitsticks that should be in the ground
once again * * not every * * cop is a racist piece of shit .
security might have something to say as you carry a big ass ladder across the lawn .
for the same reasons why you like to fuck adults .
such comments are truly retarded .
the chicken is dryer than an 76 year old pussy .
what am i doing with my life why did i even write this message holy fuck .
how do you think this shit starts .
shits gonna hit the fan .
safe to say australia is now fucked ?
"if you disciplined your snot nose little shit the "" village "" wouldn 't have to do it ."
a shit spark , off a shit flint .
it 's not about thinking , it 's about litigation and covering the administration 's ass .
i dip my cauliflower in that shit .
shit man at that rate if 56 56 happened in israel they would purge the entire middle east .
most of reddit doesn 't give a fuck unfortunately .
just look up a restaurant and bam , there are reviews right fucking there .
your support of such a shit state reinforces that , and thats what really pains me .
its not a nation its just a lot of retarded people who do that , unfortunately .
occupy did the same shit not exactly the same as the 71 nd annual ferguson loot n' shoot .
thats fucking it , im joining
dont act like you speak for all of us my money too valuable for this shit
fuck starbucks , go for amazon gc and save mailing anything .
usa 's government does plenty of bad shit as well for example .
you cant do anything against that , i have the right to say whatever the fuck i want .
it is the fucking planet .
the cop looks fucking * terrified * .
oh fuck , the wall went back up ?
its gonna see some pretty boring shit .
the next president will be shit too .
so other than whining like the little bitch you are , what else have you done about it ?
you can probably find the actual location on a map or some shit idk
how did this bitch get into power ?
shit i work 40 + hours a week and that 's like 40 times my stipend !
sounds like the british were getting ready to fuck someone up .
yea , look at all those chinese and hindu immigrants doing the same shit .
they have sharp as shit claws that can slice you open .
well , they tried arming them some years ago , and that shit gave us al - queda .
this isn 't news , it 's fucking common sense .
read the first paragraph , there is no way this isn 't a load of shit .
who the fuck is this guy ? ? ? ?
but they did a fucking good job of it .
speaking as someone who lives in the region , fuck you .
cutting mail service wouldn 't do jack shit to free up funds .
not at all , greece is now fucked for the foreseeable future
this coach shouldn 't be allowed to do this shit at a public school .
the funny thing is they generally don 't give a shit about anything else .
fuck politicians , both republicans and democrats .
holy shit , that is more than i make in a month .
people eat that shit up .
are you fucking kidding me , a facebook - login is required to vote ?
lol i can 't fucking believe that twitter post .
shit , stein can 't have that .
you 're an idiot , read your own fucking links
shit , look how youthful lindsay lohan looks .
how the fuck have we not replaced these people with computers yet ?
so fucking what ! let them believe it .
chances are these teens were still in fucking diapers when 91 91 occurred .
the way the shit clings to the air ? .
let 's hope wopr is not involved or we are all fucked .
this subreddit is for worldnews , not this shit .
why the hell should we be allowed to read this kind of shit of someone else 's ?
billions ? are you fucking joking ?
as an american who thought it was a dick joke , thanks .
they are there to act as a fall guy when it all goes to shit .
ain 't nobody fuckin' with us , y 'all .
don 't get drunk and act like an ass and chances are you 'll never even meet me .
this shit is really starting to upset me .
if the petroleum industry were an ice cream flavor , it would be pralines , ass , and cancer .
cos reddit isn 't all one fucking person ?
turkey , fast on its way to becoming a shit hole .
i hate that shit , and i 'm in the military .
you fucking douchebags make me laugh
im not wiping my ass with it .
are you still going on with this thatcher shit ?
cunts never do anything but hurt people or the world around them .
we 're fucked , and it 's the cdc to blame for not taking this seriously .
who the fuck smiles and laughs when they are doing that shit to someone ?
this whole planet is fucked .
can 't we just get cop cams and be done with this shit ?
probably all that fucking tofu they eat .
nah i don 't give a fuck what happens to people that literally deserve worse to happen to them .
that shit just happened for real in 40 .
i like how you made a throwaway account just to post offensive shit .
the fucking comments in this sub were terrible during the entire ebola panic .
this is so fucking vile .
"what a piece of shit "" news source """
your family can be sent to concentration like camps if you get into deep shit .
fuck taft , nobody likes taft after what he did to that bathtub
to be fair , most of them are shit .
transracial is a fucking thing now ?
i know ! fuck those family people !
wow , that article was absolute shit .
it would be great to have an update sub for this this shit .
i mean , weed - ok , but fucking heroin ?
it 's all part of the mind - fuck .
hell , dick cheney , the man who started this damn war , predicted this back in 84 youtube
if i lived in the middle of fucking nowhere i 'd want a doobie too .
and i know there are actual fucks who believe hamas 's shit , but most palestinians just want to live
she 's so full of shit , her eyes are brown .
""" freedom "" means freedom from government , not freedom to free shit ."
googled it and shit loads of sites came up .
if we really gave a fuck about other people instead of being the snobby rich kids of the world .
they sure as shit do ?
this shit is going to be so epic i 'm considering investing in orville reddenbacher ahead of election time .
do you not know what state secrets are or do you just pretend to be retarded ?
can you really maintain more than a vague sadness at this shit ?
holy shit the comments here are from butt hurt redditors .
the pope is not the fucking authority on climate science .
won 't the batteries be shit by then ?
opinions are never right or wrong , they 're fucking subjective for a reason .
you people really are fucked in the head .
title is pretty fucking bad , and the article 's isn 't much better .
increasing apathy with humor is just the thing that helps fuck this world up .
damn , you covered a lot of crazy there .
pretty sure most women don 't wear this shit out of their own choice anyway .
fuck him , where does he come off having any input in american politics .
step 4 regulate the shit out of an industry .
does the bear pope shit in the woods ?
like , who gives a shit what trump 's view on this is haha ?
seriously you went from being stick it to the man to posting pussy shots
jordan delivering freedom all over their asses !
you just want the government to assuage your retarded middle class guilt .
"chemical weapons don 't give a fuck about "" sides "" ."
whoah they 've been doing that ? ? ? fuck .
seriously , it 's like an indian tech rep it fucks up so much .
seriously , drive into that shit and you will think you just teleported into a 63 rd world country .
have at it , take shit and call it life experience .
"if verizon thinks they can redefine the word "" unlimited "" , they can see me in fucking court ."
i believe you 'll find that this website is fully opperational ! endore is fucked guys
how the * fuck * did this guy even come to that conclusion ?
they won 't but egypt is shit for everybody right now .
"what matters more though is the employers "" freedom "" to fuck those at the bottom ."
so me not giving a shit about who he loves is negative ?
he caused half the shit that started wwii
who the fuck is buying them ?
it also didn 't do shit for my joint pain .
i have a tenant who did this , let their dog shit in the hallways .
the aclu has been around for almost 21 years and still ain 't worth a shit .
ah yes , because charter schools are terrible everywhere because shit - hole ohio can 't get it right .
"i preferably would like "" they "" to handle their own shit but "" they "" seem incapable"
it 's fucking pointless to keep going after tpb .
drowning in a sea of rogaine scented i - don 't - give - a - fuck ?
that 's a fucking awesome username .
oh give it a fucking rest already .
not trying to be a dick jw since it seemed like a loan to the business .
would 've agreed with that comment had you not written 'edgy fucks' .
fuck prison , this pig should burn .
we have guns and shit .
ted cruz justin bieber celine dion one more and we 're invading your ass .
and what 's even crazier is that the whole fucking thing ran on 55 kb of memory
s , is this really fucking needed ?
this sort of shit happens everywhere in every culture and country .
seriously , fuck our judicial system .
i 'd buy you gold if i wasn 't such a cheap ass
i can just imagine the amount of annoying ass stoners who 'll spring up when this happens .
holy shit , that 's a slogan for the era .
that rule is a fucking disgrace !
i know a lot of christians who think this woman is a dumb bitch not their words .
so what happens if he says 'fuck it' , and doesn 't pay the fine ?
it 's fucking almost 81 years away .
and this is the sort of shit that gets upvoted in r politics now .
and dont get me started on those damn white people that tan well there should be a law !
although , technically , i was being an ass .
be that as it may , romney had the opportunity to aim for a lower shit number .
it 's always a fucking camry .
fuck you , we 're gonna make our entire power system in - state .
this has nothing to do with the british government , this is a private business for fucks sake .
whoever told you that is blowing smoke up your ass .
you mean if they gave me highly subsidized energy sources and cheap ass loans ?
i can 't see anything out of this damn hood though
this took place in india you fucking idiot
just fucking rule out even the possibility of voter fraud entirely .
cry about it , and when you 're done , fuck off .
she lost her job for being a fucking dumbass .
holy shit , an article by eliot abrams ?
why the fuck would you test it on animals ?
nah , i just wanna say what ever the fuck i want and not get called out .
haha , it is fucking pathetic how deluded the apologists on here are
today 's kids probably won 't even give a shit .
under state laws though , we 're still kinda fucked .
it is even highlighted in the first fucking paragraph .
those cunts don 't even like football .
fucking hell , i was there not two years ago .
google that fucking shit yourself .
i get a similar speed to that because i live up a fucking mountain .
we as a society should give two shits about mental health and stop glorifying these people in the news .
shit , i am getting old .
* how the fuck can anyone like this guy ? ! ? *
we got the lake , it 's usually a windy fucking cold .
using what fucking telecom network ?
how much of a cunt you have to be to prey on disabled people .
"i 'm using this as a standard unit of measurement "" how much is a shit ton ?"
i am glad that we all had the same fucked up thought .
i hope they 've sorted their shit out for the next election .
china is behind yelling calm the fuck down kimmy .
fuck yeah boys , we own the moon !
people are getting tired of bibi 's shit .
watch against unions that shit needs to be illegal .
but fuck everything else they do , especially canadian content .
oh wait its not well fuck , looks like my point is moot .
after a student who just finished reading the hot zone for school fuck
this thread is retarded beyond words .
yes since its worked out so well for you dumb asses
yes they do - in germany union folks sit on the fucking board .
now this little russian runt cunt wants them back .
"in the words of lil' jon "" don 't start no shit , won 't be no shit "" ."
well shit i guess gun control don 't work none too good .
get the fuck out of the place that never belonged to you to begin with ?
haha , i totally forgot about that song ! zappas the fucking shit dude !
fuck , george bush didn 't even win the first election , and people called it a mandate .
all the gunmen are dead now , so i hope that was their entire fucking life 's goal .
this shit 's gonna blow up real soon .
fuck off with the guns !
could you imagine being the voice actor for that fucking kid ?
i was afraid to drink kool aid when i was young because of that shit .
of course they will fucking miss .
we all get treated like shit by the police - black , asian , white .
i am retarded it seems .
our options are all shit now that money = speech and we don 't have any
seems like the only way shit gets done
how fucking retarded do you have to be to come up with a theory like this ?
that sure as fuck backfired .
as a former resident of chandler this shit doesn 't surprise me at all .
rofl you better fucking learn to get your fucking head screwed on right .
giving a fuck doesn 't mean they can magically stop 27 % of it .
besides , supporting hezbollah is not an act of war , even if it is a dick move .
if people are fed up with their govement , they should burn shit and make themeselves heard .
what a bunch of dumb fucks .
the most fucked up thing is that she invoked her step - daughters death in the same sequence .
these religious fanatics are just pissy little cunts , terrified of life .
foreal shit makes no sense .
don 't forget stay the fuck out of pennsylvania .
no joke , someone here actually fucking called it that .
"don 't go to "" james bond island "" , it 's boring as fuck ."
""" this is some serious shit ."
a bandaid won 't do shit if you need stitches .
now what the fuck are we supposed to do , man ?
if they only had oil , we 'd be all over that shit .
i makea you a fuck just rike mighty tigah !
"so , perfect republican candidate , "" i got mine , fuck all y 'all """
at least 41 other idiots agreed with your retarded comment
arrested for cutting milk , yet no us banker saw any real ramifications from the shit storm they cut .
it 's about the media making shit up instead of actually bothering to understand the science .
have fun with your shitty mobile site while the rest of us stop being paranoid little bitches .
are you back to this shit ?
yeah but california is full of retards and fuck - ups .
fucking you people woah * * calm * * down sailor .
fuck all of it , the politicians , the journalists , and the fucking redditors posting this vitriol .
it 's exactly the sort of retarded thing they 'd be all about .
bitch , the japanese invented suicide bombing .
dude you even bother reading the article or do you just normally shit post on r news ?
i am not a fan of sea world but fuck peta .
yeah , japan would be fucked .
you missed the entire fucking point of that last scene .
""" how the fucking fuck can a cop be allowed on a jury ? ? ?"
""" redditor for 26 minutes "" fuck off"
how retarded do you have to be to think nato wants war ?
this thread is politically polarized as fuck .
fuck yeah vermont is on reddit again .
plus when you take marijuanas , you end up sucking dick for crack rocks .
don 't come , it feels fucked up here .
that 's assuming i actually give a shit , which i don 't .
and your comment is full of shit
cole lyric chain in a fucking thread about isis , let alone twice
""" how about the government doesn 't make anyone do jack shit in terms of their businesses ."
he 's a fucking street thug .
even the local authorities though it was fucked up , inform yourself before you judge .
the people that will take to burning shit and looting stores .
the citrus one tasted like soda fucked a bag of rotten oranges , not lemon .
also i don 't give a shit .
erdogan doesn 't give two shits about atatrk , and reforming things he brought .
we can 't taint the good dick with the likes of a cheney .
you using the fact that we got our asses kicked out of country after country the last 80 years ?
sounds like a load of shit to me .
obamas wife is an unelected unqualified waste of money and has no business fucking around with what children eat .
because as bad as he is , labor were seriously fucked up .
fuckin hell why can 't we just stop murdering brown people ?
holy shit you are dumb as hell .
why the fuck does this need to exist ?
if more people were able to open carry criminals would think twice about fucking with someone .
"man , i don 't even know who the fuck "" they "" are anymore"
she must , given she appears in public holding them more than fucking ted nugent .
well ain 't that some shit
wow , that is one fucked - up interpretation of history .
how fucked up would that be ?
he didn 't build the fucking clock .
texas - they don 't put up with any shit .
source ? i 'm assuming your ass ?
you mean isps actually have incentive to not be pieces of shit now ?
kim jung il sure as fuck knows .
com also , i couldn 't give two shits about israel .
"i kinda feel bad saying this but , "" fuck yeah ! """
it 's a lot easier to just pull things out of your ass when reality adhere to your worldview .
that 's a big no fucking shit ghost rider .
i will never understand why reddit gets such a hard - on over this populist ass - hat
this logic makes no fucking sense .
lets throw some pies at these cunts
com * this * is fucking australia
is somebody making an ass out of u and me ?
it is just fucking weird to type out prayers and post them on reddit .
playing on 73 kbs is fucking horrendous .
i 'm imaging polandball casting some purple shit on the ground with soldiers spawning in around him .
fuck off , yes we would ! s
well when you employ james fuckin bond i can see why .
"i love it when the "" skeptics "" of reddit eat up shit from iranian state - owned news ."
don 't give me the passive pussy bullshit .
come the fuck on people , its an obvious troll .
this is just so fucking cringe ok i get it now
she 's a fucking populist , pandering moron .
think more , be a snarky little bitch less .
they deal with a lot of shit that many larger cities don 't have to deal with .
i swear not everyone from california is this retarded .
well that 's good because fuck sharia law
both parties are conservative as fuck , but please don 't play the false equivalence card .
she could seriously fuck up that guy 's life , and for what ?
hopefully the maasai turn this in to some the most dangerous game shit .
they should send 33 , 33 more who are just sitting on their asses doing nothing too .
the only thing that drives me insane is how fucking long it is taking .
good to see that people don 't know shit but still claim to know shit .
they 're not meeting in fucking speak easys .
a fucking atheist like you won 't understand .
fuck them if they get mad over reasonable things like this .
take your kids and your ass home .
but thank fuck they aren 't autistic .
a local naacp chapter was just set on fire this week for fuck 's sake .
yea cause being a violent piece of shit is a great virtue .
who really gives a flying fuck about a church ?
would you get your ass whooped on in the same way for 6 .
fucking thugs break in to people 's houses .
fuck her and her fake kingdom .
""" in spite of having no prior history of long distance running "" what the fuck"
i still don 't believe clinton being the presumptive candidate means shit
if not , it 's just waving your dick around .
so it makes you shit liquid fire ?
the poor are already fucked .
com we are going to do fuck all .
i 'm legitimately wondering when this shit is going to blow up and officially turn into the tenth crusade .
first , this if true , is horribly fucked up .
que the mobsters controlling the government and doing the same shit .
doesn 't that bite you in the ass later ?
the chrismas trees and lights all of last month through out egypt tell me you don 't know shit !
you 're talking out of your ass and you have a very simplistic view of international politics .
so you just come to r worldnews to be an ass hole ?
when living in a ghetto with no social mobility , that shit is bound to happen .
at least our land isn 't stuffed full of scary shit bent on murdering us .
i feel bad for them , but chimney sweepers went through the same shit after marry poppins .
i 'd have to get paid a pretty penny to sign up for that shit .
r worldnews is the shit hole of reddit , what can you expect really .
what a fucking gem you are !
mexico fucked up policing their turf , long before the drug war was started .
""" oh shit , bob , you 're the hacker ?"
because it makes him a fucking hero to the far right .
lol you know how much this shit doesnt matter .
after reading about the san fernando massacres both of them , i say fuck 'em .
what the fuck internet ! youtube
because we learned a shit ton from nazi germany on how to propaganda .
bernie sanders isn 't obama , not unless he start getting shit tons of money for his campaign .
but threatening violence is not diplomacy shit , reminds me of the irgun
i know it hurts australian redditors' pride to admit this , but this shit is entirely australia 's doing .
"definitely gives it a bit more of a "" who gives a fuck "" feel"
congress ! that 's why we are so fucked .
pah ! those chinamen are just fucking amateurs .
"i 'm gonna treat you like a man ! "" fuck yeah , i 'm on his side ."
""" holy shit , these r coontown assholes are unbelievable ."
well that 's a real fuckin shame
boy get cho ass out of bed before i grab ma belt .
you 're fucking right i would .
they pay like shit , what don 't you understand bro ?
yeah , fuck those people for obeying biological imperatives !
fuckin' up everything for everybody else .
ha ! it is non - binding shit they are pushing .
we here all kinds of shit from nk defectors and it pretty much never pans out .
who cares , fuck them all
yeah ! damn right they 're pissed .
"smoke that shit and go brush your teeth ! ! ! """
fuckn' shit ! these are the same people who did this ! frontline - children of aleppo pbs
what a load of patronising , prejudiced shit .
i say fuck those commies , send all the help to ukraine and kick russian scum back to vladivostok .
all for immigration but europe 's gone to shit over the last decade .
wal - mart makes cheap quality and price shit for lower and middle - class incomes .
ever heard of minding your own business you guys are not the fucking world police .
you make that with impunity and you may get your ass beat now and then .
he 's just regurgitating shit he heard from right wing radio .
they eat 'em like , * all in your face * 'n shit !
but that 's just ignoring the rule that you don 't put your dick into crazy .
s are retarded , this would never happen in europe .
look at how alpha he is with his guns and shit .
"cue people bitching about "" nyur hur pig got what he deserved "" ."
shit post is a shit post .
fucking french boy ! i 'll start you off with 40 k kkk .
the reddit hivemind gives no fucks about credibility .
have you been living under a fucking rock for the past 83 months ?
fuck it 's just money and you 're talking about murdering someone over it ?
they can fuck themselves too .
chuck is an out of touch , right wing , dip shit .
where the fuck did he get pictures of kids being cooked ? !
i laughed so hard that i shit in my wife 's pants .
the second part is the fucked up part for me .
think back to all the wars , they always took a beating they 're grumpy fucks for a reason
haha that shit looks like its done in the jihad version of ms paint .
get rid of them and other like minded pieces of shits and well get somewhere .
the us is getting really close to disturbing shit from nazi germany .
you 're a bunch of cunts america
that 's because there was a shit ton of pork in it .
be careful canada you will wind up with the same patriot act bull shit we did .
proud to say that our state is much more financially healthy than our broke - ass neighbor , illinois .
they should be in prison and ass raped
you dip fucks blindly supported this shit because reddit said so .
""" implies kerry fucked up , which is going to give you karma ."
it fucking baffles me that there are actually opponents of the death penalty when cases such as this exist .
anyone who needs drugs to get through life is fucking pathetic .
sue the fuck out of them !
yeah - try that shit in tel aviv .
people are actually buying his shit ?
call me crazy but shit doesn 't add up
holy shit ! england should be invading .
dog would get his ass kicked , but the effects of bear mace would be fun to watch .
never get between a greedy fuck and money .
fucking monoliths to greed and avirance .
edit fuck it they might as well just use baghdad .
wasn 't soul crushing here because i didn 't understand shit .
the moment people started posting shit comments like yours .
bunch of shit heads , but what is the official response from the church ?
did you read the fucking article before commenting ?
! get the fuck on the ground blam blam blam
same shit happened to me , lights went out on the signals then back on .
you know , i hope they keep this shit up .
hey fuck you ! and stop stalking me !
&gt wall street really isn 't that corrupt quote of the fucking century right here
oh shit , that is amazing .
america got the shit colonized out of them and i don 't see them being poor .
i don 't even know what to say about this shit .
cheap electronics ! ah fuck it , i 'd rather have healthcare .
fucking morons don 't know the difference between weather and climate .
welp , they 're going to see a lot of ass worshiping in my history if i ever run .
""" y 'all need to get da fuck out "" - jesus"
your name sounds like the most instantly lethal way to get fucked up ever .
"your predictions aren 't worth shit and we all know it , "" weather man ."
i could make jokes but some one would bitch at me .
and are then surprised when unexplainable shit happens again .
it would be more beneficial for you to go fuck yourself .
what the fuck are lawns ?
how dare they make a profit , those fucking criminals !
uber can go fuck itself .
&gt shit who elected this guy ?
why don 't you try to find a cure , you cynical fuck .
what the fuck is the thinking behind all of this ?
i am always late for shit like this .
oh shit , totally forgot about that .
even that title is a shit post .
i can 't understand how the fuck that happened with so many republicans backing the democrat .
for any further inquiries , i must refer you to u titties_and_ass .
it 's fucking korea , it 's one of the most advanced industrialized nations on earth .
oh look , this shit again .
fuck knows why i 'm even replying .
fuck off and check my comment history .
seriously , how can i vote for them if they keep pulling shit like this .
this shit needs to stop .
oh , i 'm sorry they spent all their money on two pointless fucking wars .
anyone really want to continue defending this pile of shit known as obamacare ?
actually , obama got a lot of shit done with these guys around .
you 're lucky to be getting your shit back at all
no shit sherlock , that was literally the entire point of my comment
oh wait , you are just talking out of your ass and assuming what actually happened ? nevermind .
almost all real information gets sink down , while people discuss irrelevant shit
which the fuck is it ?
because everyone else should get paid shit because why ?
oh man you have got to check out netflix , that 'some day' is right fucking meow .
game was broken as fuck .
they 're just going to sit with their finger up their ass and complain like usual .
what the fuck do you care what people who love each other do ?
shit wasn 't free when the minimum wage was 100 .
the fucking 1 % owns the government .
even if they were a lying bitch .
idk , that corn syrup shit 's like 17 x as potent as natural sugar .
they were dumb enough to try that shit in texas .
just because her kid fucked up doesn 't mean that she did .
it used to be cheap as shit .
and the officer won 't be charged with shit
because they have fucking restricted gun laws .
they know they 're wrong , they just don 't give a shit .
you just make shit up as you go along , don 't you ?
how about not showing up when aliens were fucking up new york
honestly how fucking hard is it to check your facts ?
train yourself to feel as though you have no fucks left to give .
com that shit is serious business .
but congress has been dragging its feet go fucking figure .
why can 't some suicidal fuck just take that family out ?
the fuck was i thinking ?
i 'm looking at you , emanuel , you piece of shit .
he 's better then the handful of retards that are running right now .
the irs can 't find their own fucking emails .
i have to hand it to the israel uber alles crowd , they have that shit down pat .
never buying their over priced shit ever again .
it 's good shit to know .
he was a massive cunt all round .
he could have pulled some eccentric shit * and * actually shed some light to his positions .
&gt or get with the fuckin' program craig
tough shit asshole - you got off light and deserve to suffer more for such a hate crime .
this shit is like clockwork .
so just keep on sucking dick ?
lol the massive democratic plan to lie and deceive to get the aca into law turns to shit
""" i * need * a fucking bagel ."
fuck the law and all those that uphold it to screw us over like this judge .
seriously , fuck those guys and their culture .
yo dawg i heard you like shit .
jam and preserves have all that extra shit in them .
shit is proper bipolar in here right now .
getting real tired of his shit too
* because we won * is a shit justification .
no party support=can 't get shit done .
too lax and people complain about shit content everywhere .
you 're a god damn fucking idiot .
why the fuck are we recalling then shit out of these idiots ?
&gt looks like we won its not a fucking game .
""" give me liberty or look at my dick """
fucking give it to them .
i don 't give 64 fucks about that school or football .
ah yeah , i remembered that one train that had me confused as fuck .
you 're basically being the inverse of what you think they are when you say shit like this .
fuck it , i give up .
because ya know , fuck you don 't ask questions you terrorist .
who the fuck let a 16 year old girl in the playboy mansion ?
pay no mind to them * all doing the same fucking thing *
shit , we need to use something bigger .
he is a dumb shit .
you get in trouble when you do dumb shit at work .
"what the fuck does "" nearly lied "" even mean ?"
you 'd think isis are already doing enough bad shit without having to just make things up .
if you don 't like me talking shit about cops
even though 65 % of the world wouldn 't give a shit .
they don 't give a shit about websites , it us netflix and hulu who are taking their business .
well i guess i 'm a jackwagon then , because i do not give a fuck .
syria &amp iran in the same week , putin 's bitch slapping barry all over the middle east .
at least start it on jan 11 st , you fucking asshole god .
i 'm fucking tired of isis and their shit .
man we don 't have that shit in england sadly .
there 's so much shit that would completely break down without a government .
a few years ago , shit was going crazy .
who gives a shit though , right .
or you just have your head up your ass , very squarely
the coworker 's an ass , but serving alcohol is still a basic component of being a flight attendant .
you don 't have to be a dick about it either
if you don 't like it , post your own shit .
we will copy the fuck out of your chromosomes with extreme prejudice .
it has to mean that those shit countries were doomed , islam or not .
i 'm not really giving a fuck .
don 't worry , s he is full of shit anyway .
what the fuck ! kenya is corrupt beyond belief
or , you know , he 's lying out his ass .
but then again , we did pretty messed up shit all over the timeline .
your a liberal fuck up .
can we start a downvote party to get this shit off reddit .
""" i 've know several people who got caught up in this kind of shit ."
i 'll never know how geoege pulled that shit off with the situations he was in .
anyone who signs this shit is a traitor .
fuck the 53 th of july , let 's just be american and go on like everyone else .
i got downvoted for saying the same shit .
you can 't even spell ! how the fuck do you know about nuclear energy .
fuck that , anyone who knows the republic of telly is more then welcome to stand me a pint .
at least keep that shit to yourself .
jon mcain is full of shit .
people are lucky as fuck to live there .
yeah they don 't give a fuck .
who the fuck cuts out part of the state of the union ?
these pieces of shit represent big business interests , not the people who elect them .
i will continue to lessen my footprint but shit like this just doesn 't scare me anymore .
fuck you , i fear nothing .
the rest is shit , i admit .
you 're fucking with my head ! ! ! ! !
and a big fuck you to russia too
ain 't nobody got time to save anyone 's ass around here .
that , and it 's super fucking worth it .
if we under react , we are fucked .
not to bitch , but i wish that more parents took this approach .
still fucking ridiculous either way .
no one fucks with our hat .
iran ? they fucking hate this piece of shit
"ferguson protester logic "" let 's steal and destroy shit so black people finally get respect ! """
yeah were at war in that country still , who fucking knew ?
your militaries history of fixing shit is amazing
all the shit you people bitch about , i never have to deal with .
and don 't say he can 't fucking do it .
what about the fucking un partition plan ?
no fucking way in sanity is this justified .
fuck you for not doing anything about it .
""" biblical drought "" are you fucking retarded ?"
these people are fucking scum .
yea , get your commie fucking tax systems out of here !
flying the confederate flag is like a kid running around screaming pussy willow thinking he 's super clever .
not as important to sanders as doing his fucking job .
after all the shit the last one did ?
this shit has been going on longer than most people think .
there is no way this shit is real
what the fuck is he doing patrolling with his gun drawn ?
it 's all sorts of fucked up and wrong
that is very fucked up .
except daesh couldn 't give a shit that they 've broken so many religious rules .
while it may be bad shit , it also should not be schedule 92 .
not to be an ass , but we know this money will go to the shopowner
wait , when the fuck did the us colonize cuba ?
then i realized that she 's probably just high as fuck .
good for you , do you want a fucking sticker ?
two sides of the same shit coin .
erbert and gerbert 's bread is the shit .
my school served almost this exact meal today without pie , and nobody gave a fuck .
learning to shit in bathrooms rather than public streets .
then , if this is still a thing , we 're fucked .
look at you , talking about shit you have no idea about .
shit , seems like there are a number of disappearances there foxnews .
it can from his ass , trust me .
shit maybe he is dead .
took these ass holes this much to say something eh ?
fuck yes to junkyard wars !
they don 't give a fuck , they get paid well and they 've got theirs .
the problem is that they 're all business and poli sci students a bunch of greedy fucks .
this subreddit is absolutely shit at telling the difference
i 'm honestly impressed as fuck by obama 's patience .
what the fuck does he expect them to say ?
that 's some house of cards shit right there
i think the lawmakers realized that they fucked up
biden is a fucking dickhead .
get your asses to kiev , asap ! we need your support !
fuck me , i * work * in one .
where do people keep getting this shit from ?
the nra sure as fuck doesn 't .
"in my experience , government contractor generally means "" fuck it money doesn 't matter """
all this fucking talk about climate change , does anybody seriously try to change things ?
the establishment of either party does not * give a fuck * what we need .
we could reality tv that shit .
fuck the victim , she 's suing target because somehow it 's their fault that she got stabbed .
the south just historically gives less fucks about what the rest of the world thinks .
they 're all round n' shit .
shit , looks like kansas is going to annex the rest of the us .
that 's condescending as fuck , don 't have a strategy there .
re - elect these fake - ass conservatives again and see what happens to our medicare .
also , popping them out hurts like a bitch .
thinks he 's all hip and shit with his little bloggy blog and petitions
nah just fuck islam is good enough .
they can fly their ass back to mecca and stay there .
whether it 's a religion or some other fucked up club of crazy people doesn 't matter .
im saying what the fuck right now .
so rest happy knowing that guy is still getting fucked and struggling to have a decent life .
and the guards will get fucked
he treats other black people like shit too .
you should probably look up the definition of terrorism you ignorant little twat
"the amount of "" we dont give a fuck "" in that statement is above the rda"
when the fuck did the republican party cross the pacific ? ? !
every little thought you have they do not know makes them shit their pants .
written at a time when the most advanced firearm was a fucking * musket * .
i hate hearing about this shit where they prosecute minors as adults .
holy fuck what did he do ?
i 've always wondered , how the fuck did they come to that conclusion in the first place ?
if you loved your dog you 'd fucking notice , and no one sleeps for over 15 hours .
putin is guilty as fuck .
it might be fucked up , but rmoney is correct .
holy fuck comments in this tread are bad .
yeah , half the nk shit doesn 't work and their operators are nearly dead from starvation .
fuck the united states ! yay !
you are defending cunts now ?
the main difference is that nobody is going to go suck some dicks for camel lights .
fuck those hard rug dealers .
fuck i just drove from milan to zurich 5 days ago !
he 's just fucking with us at this point , right ?
and eggs with shit and feathers on .
and it 's entirely too fucking long .
&gt they fucked that up and now an innocent baby 's life is ruined .
edit fucking reddit , can 't handle facts .
north koreans love the fuck out of chocopies .
we 're all just so fucking sick of this .
they are satire accounts , jack ass
if i was abe i 'd name the new helicopter carrier the takagi masao , because fuck 'em .
what if had to take an epic shit ?
dea fucks with big pharm , it 's an outrage .
yeah , cause , fuck her sacrifice
the mls fucking is a setup .
doesn 't matter if zero fucks are given .
""" what the fuck is this ? ."
sshhh ! general butt - fucking naked might hear you .
are we still allowed to say this is fucked up ?
i know where this ass lives , he is a complete asshat and acts like an intitled bitch .
fuck these commercials , play the music brian .
lets hope some rioters dont choke a fucking fear - mongering reporter .
org republicans are evil pieces of shit ! when will their voters learn to use google ?
but evil fucks for other reasons than this .
fuck it ! i 'm going to the neighbor 's house until this is over .
you guys in this comment section are fucking disgusting .
this is just icing on the shit cake .
what makes you think he 's as single - mindedly focussed on fucking as you appear to be ?
how the fuck is mj still a schedule 44 drug ?
seems that people are implying that because china is more fucked up then we aren 't
i 've seen a lot of disturbing shit , but that made me feel awful .
the fucking title is clickbaity , it says it reaches the decision but still is unannounced publicly .
i am a guy and i would not fucking * dare * to hitchhike through turkey alone .
honey bees don 't give a shit
the truth hurts when you 're constantly trying to spin shit .
the article claims that we have 50 years before the shit hits the fan
shit , i forgot this is about elephants .
what the fuck is a point ?
fucking pete king is a moderate now ?
fucking hypocrite - how about you grow up and get used to democracy ?
no , otherwise you 'd be speaking german and the whole world would be fucked .
why the fuck would the us just assume something that massive ?
even knowing that it wasn 't * really * my fault still would fuck my head up something bad .
its just dumb luck that whoever did this isn 't clever enough to have really stirred some shit up
the hose is in the tunnel , i 'm lighting these ass cracks up ! our teamwork is fine
"when this shit is deciphered it will be like the end of "" a hundred years of solitude """
do not let those fucking narcissitic neo cons spin this .
my guess is you don 't wear the insignia in a war zone for shits and giggles .
do they not just burn that shit in an incinerator ?
i think its because all of you live in huge fucking houses .
! what the fuck do you think he was saying ? ? ?
fuck that boobs are the tits just pay them !
i forgot the name of that piece of shit already .
this all was just fucking pointless wasn 't it ?
"yet they still say stupid shit , like "" yup let 's ban encryption "" ."
and it 's sometimes hard as fuck trying to become one as well .
we can write checks and our ass * * can * * cash them .
yeah , he 's only a fucking united states senator .
until we do so drastically , this shit will continue .
no , it 's shit from superman !
yeah , fuck the thousands of workers that would be unemployed if the entire company was shut down .
fuck the hell out of that party .
i don 't like the sounds of being ass fucked by those three .
it 's just a shit country that has no way out .
he also fucked over charities and other nonprofits .
the fuck is up with number eight ? ugh .
oh shit they got oscar ^^^ .
you mean talk out of their ass ?
""" didn 't we already kick your ass 38 years ago or something ? """
shit here in the south it hasn 't been bad for them .
lol what the fuck am i saying xd
hard to wash their fucking murderous hands when they just made and deleted a facebook post about it !
republicans and democrats are really just bitches to politicians .
guess you missed that shooting a shit ton of cops in canada last week .
leave that shit at the ukip rallies would ya ?
i 'm left with about $30 after all the fuckin' bills are paid .
but hey i was drunk , don 't put that shit all on me .
i almost shit my pants .
they dont care because all cops are dog shit .
that would be fuckin sweet !
if we were to look at those fools in congress , most of them are old as fuck .
stay the fuck out of the middle east .
my poem snowden didn 't reveal shit google 90 minutes tsa echelon transcript .
my question is how fucked up do you have to be to send some d - bag to d
it 's not black guys buying that overpriced shit
fuck that shit ! if you murder , the public deserves to know .
africa in general sounds like a fucking wonderland of horrors .
i 've got like five years of this shit .
this shit happens every single time someone either bashes or praises something on reddit .
you just summed up how fucking stupid politics is in one comment
who the fuck would deny that ?
but wait , i 'm constantly told that reagan is a good for nothing piece of shit .
cause they are fucking pussies obviously
we raise a shit ton of livestock .
fuck off with your shitty puns .
who the fuck makes decisions like that ?
a shit ton of therapy would do these girls a little better though
there is one son of a bitch laughing in a pool of cash right now somewhere in the states .
sympathy is nice but it means jack shit if it doesn 't help enact change .
i cant fucking stand that guy .
i 'm here to bitch about people who bitch about people who bitch .
if your only concern is about being right you 're kind of a dick
fact this shit makes front page is ridiculous
or maybe i should clean and wash diplomat asses to earn that equivalent amount of money .
they 're like a fucking anchor on the nhs dragging it down and its only gonna get worse .
stop buying cheap shit and get those f - 48 s
my fucking planet , follow my rules , or gtfo .
people in your union don 't give a fuck about you and never will .
i can 't believe people exist who believe that shit .
no , you are a cunt .
does the pope shit in the woods .
those parents are complete dicks .
yeah , who the fuck cares ?
i don 't fucking roll on shabbos .
shit 's gonna get weird fast for folks .
any rape charge falls to shit when you whip out the video
i don 't think putin really gives a shit .
i 'm sure you could kick ass at drinking games by being close to sober .
we 'd order shit and wouldn 't get it for months , if ever .
the pope is really fucking shit up here in philly .
okay , that 's fucked up ! thanks for clarification .
i love when countries blow smoke out of their asses because they cant take a joke .
seriously every time i hear this guy open his mouth its just more and more shit .
i think no adult is fucking him , that 's the problem .
we 're raising kids to be pussies .
fucking op doesn 't even read the article he submits .
more like peeking behind the curtain to see just how fucked up and corrupt things really are .
buddy better run to russia before he gets a knife in his ass .
non violent protests don 't get shit done .
so your solution to make them like women is , stick your dick up their butt ?
he pushed this kid to try and commit suicide , beat the shit out of him and robbed him .
how about obama drags netanyahus nazi ass to haig next week .
and thanks for the downvote , hope that made you feel like less of a twat .
and what kind of piece of shit would do this to win something that presumably attracts dog lovers ?
dear gop - in this article , jeffrey toobin is fucking with you .
she gets a pussy pass because she 's a women .
good , we don 't want your shit sold here anyway .
i bet you if i fucked chris rock , i could get him to pay my visa bill .
now i 'm here calling you a twat even though i think it 's probable that she was lying .
for fucks sake , we are pro abortion here dude .
fuck those ragheads running the government .
i 'm going to their fucking church and asking them to stop praying to their homophobe god .
who gives a shit about people getting killed by bombs , we must save the trees !
""" nah , nowadays russian communists is just another colour of shit in e political spectrum ."
you can 't get shit done without bribing someone .
as fucked up as it sounds i knew a dude that did exactly that .
the day i quit giving a fuck about my company 's problems , i 've been praised more .
but hey fuck perspective , these two guys can 't play soccer anymore .
democrats say that literally all the fucking time
and i 'm all out of ass .
* * all the shit he stole is with glen greenwald .
how the fuck can you over dramatize this
why the fuck they won 't go to the polls is beyond me .
you 've got to be shitting me .
normal housewalls in my town are sometimes full of shit like swastiskas or antifa stuff .
egypt , on the other hand , can go full assad on gaza and nobody will give a fuck .
what the actual fuck , that literally wouldn 't work .
i got so much shit , i found myself telling people i was canadian a few times .
zimmerman wasn 't even a fucking cop .
a republican poses a budget that has a minimal deficit increase and it is a fuck up ?
shit like this shouldn 't be happening in the 78 st century .
they can change their fucking definition .
i can 't even imagine how cold everyone is just fucking standing there .
this shit is actually getting upvoted ?
you can bet your ass that most of us are fluent in profane , * fuck yeah * .
i fucking love the aussies .
america treats the working class like dog shit .
your argument is completely full of shit considering the only people who say this had healthcare already .
i swear , don 't ppl have real shit to worry about ?
you know being a dick and being indian are two different things right ?
i lost my fuckin health care due to barry .
anyone else see that really short guy in camo pants ? fucking hilarious
did you use that diploma to wipe your ass with yet ?
let 's see if obama vetos this shit .
no one voted on that shit .
edit lol where the fuck did you go dude ?
the fuck , is that thing for real ?
what the fuck are you on about ?
they run education and they do shit like this constantly .
welcome to the middle east bitch .
i didn 't vote in romney vs obama but i 'll probably get my ass out for this one .
that would be such a mind fuck the criminals wouldn 't know what to do
anyone else worried about donald sutherland and morgan freeman bombing the shit out of texas ?
holy shit they are still together ? wtf ? why ?
europeans don 't want shit from ukraine .
nutella and ferrero rocher are fucking amazing .
gonna be a bitch to fix if it all goes wrong though
a crusade against fucking money saving lightbulbs no less
tough shit , the bankers didn 't break the law .
you failed to aid the victim or do aynthing about it to , so fuck you .
then it 'll bitch netflix out because how dare you tell the truth .
go read the fucking case
and what the fuck are you doing about it ?
making shit up isn 't quite their style .
fuck steve , i 've never heard of him .
if you worked with murderers and rapists everyday you too would give many fucks about pensions and immunity .
cola adjustments have shit to do with this story .
the people get treated like shit yet in their minds they 're the best country on the planet .
""" our government 's so fucked up letting these people run our country ! "" "" did you vote ?"
haha that 's rich coming from two guys who look like they just woke up from a fucking crypt
like enough 's enough europe , for fucks sakes
fucking dumb illegals all pissed because they don 't get their way .
what the fuck happened to the reddit userbase in the spring of 59 ?
but in reality , who knows where he draws the line , and that is the scariest fucking part .
well before all this shit .
and * no one * fucks with my family .
i wondered the same fucking thing .
i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read that shit ?
holy fuck that cop was actling like he was at a hostage situation .
golf does not have to happen or be available in the fucking state of california .
the dick head that wore a uniform to his trial when he wasn 't in the services anymore .
if some of this shit happens to me i hope one of you guys would avenge me
\> you will never have a bought baby pet who bites you in the ass sometimes why live ?
we had to send in the fucking active army .
this is how wealthy pieces of dog shit get around laws that apply to poor people .
our story is singular , but our destiny is shit .
don 't really want to fill all my info in and get fucked .
its fucking crazy times we live in .
they do it all the time , they get cops in the crowd and they start the shit
here come the babyboomers , as if they have not fucked enough up .
i miss the old carlo kopp , he had some damn good insights before he lost his damn mind .
you don 't fuck with banks' money .
who gives a shit where this idiot is born ?
com it 's because republicans fucking cheat .
why the fuck does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people ?
beer built those fucking pyramids .
shit like that always happens at very close range .
how the fuck is a company not allowed to sell a product ?
last time we sent dads to japan that shit got sorted right out .
why the bloody fucking hell do you brits allow this shit in your country ?
far easier to compare it to the soviet union , same shit different wrapping
urban warfare is a bitch .
shit , that 's an entirely different thread .
i 'm going to politely ask that you stop insulting lying sacks of shit .
we don 't know jack shit about space .
dae spies do spy shit ! ? ! ? !
we 're gonna fuck this up aren 't we
is this a fucking game to them ?
they should attempt to invade finland again , so this shit would finally end .
fuck everything , i 'm moving to antarctica .
stay the fuck out of english hospitals
i had no vote or voice in electing the people who were hot to send my ass to vietnam .
""" fucking hilarious , goy , my shekkels are in orbit ."
then after watching a few , i really started to realize how fucking * weird * that shit is .
perhaps you should start by fucking off .
allah must think they are a bunch of pussies .
your cock gets near me , and i will melt it with a fucking laser .
"i laughed so fucking hard when "" extreme "" was 18 ."
or is it just the joy of fucking their home nation over ?
democrats would not yet still fuck it up a bit .
it isn 't the same fucking thing .
don 't have to deal with this shit .
putin is full of shit and we all know it .
i was always pretty certain that that shit crashed in the ocean .
holy shit man this deserves gold .
why would you shit in your hand ?
i certainly couldn 't give two shits .
but holy shit , we spend 80 per credit hour .
georgia laws are totally fucked
in the words of george carlin the planet is doing fine , it 's the people that are fucked .
why the fuck is one of them wearing a burka then ?
how the fuck did i miss that story ? !
reread the thread you ignorant fuck .
and you don 't know shit about nothing .
blanking coke or any fast food is fucking horseshit
the planet doesn 't give a rats ass about us .
oh , right , they fucking haven 't .
yeah , because russia 's a fucking utopia .
seriously , what the fuck are you going to do with your ar - 92 against an airstrike .
he knew how to keep this shit under control .
they better not fuck with green man !
absolutely fucking love the sheer amount of armchair dieticians and nutritional science experts nowadays .
that 's where the fucking plane is .
that 's like a fucking two dollar bill
shit , another 20 years would send us into a pre - industrial era economy .
they get a fucking pittance , just enough to survive .
glad i left this ass backwards state when i did .
why are universities convening courts for this shit ?
if a waitress is making $15 an hour , bitch doesn 't need tips .
these fucking comments are toxic .
if a nuclear fucking scientist makes mistakes with firearms , what does that say for your average gun owner ?
when they do shit like this .
would you eat a meal that was 55 % shit ?
would have short sold the shit out of these stocks
and fuck i am proud of my nation .
our entire reputation would go to shit
nobody gives a fuck about your internet habits
who the fuck is talking about full employment ?
holy fuck you must be like fifteen , maybe twenty years old .
stop being an ass good advice , you should take it .
you just couldn 't skull - fuck these bastards fast enough .
ill bring gordon ramsey to cook for us bitches .
""" i was told there would be bitches "" ."
i see enough 'thanks obama' quotes for shit that 's not his fault .
they are both full of shit and we don 't want those jobs .
it 's not the government that just needs change , the whole western system is corrupt and fucked .
yeah people will lose their shit either way
depends on if he has a child like ass
! how about you stop bombing shit and focus on peace making ? ! ? !
that 's one - third of the planet not giving a fuck on top of all the other problems
how the fuck do those actors say those lines without falling to the floor laughing ?
we arent even on the same fucking continent .
another day , another cop being a piece of shit .
you know , so he can be fucking effective ?
all i can see is fields and shit .
they 'd probably fuck you up to before you got the station .
with the statement to use their device with ugly ass ui to bring up the hbo content .
problem is that much of our population consists of as many fucking retarded hypocrites like any other .
still really fucked up regardless .
why worry about shits that doesn 't really affect me ?
fuck , sometimes the two neurons in my brain collide and short the whole system .
seriously i was all like , that some independence day shit .
"oregon 's state motto "" blow it out your ass , montana ! """
these retarded hipsters have no clue what selinux is .
which is used to cook with and shit
it got cancelled because it was over budget and the schedule was already fucked up .
what an incredibly retarded comment .
i 'm glad the president unilaterally decided to do this , cause fuck congress and laws
you sound like a pretentious cunt , i 'm not replying to anything else you say
fucking gold worthy comment right here .
and that is why she is a bitch .
this shit is rampant across christian - africa , though .
note that all obama 's appointees voted for this piece of shit .
do you really think aliens give a fuck about us ? lel
it 's right in the fucking title mate .
like holy fuck this is insane , actually sound like a plot to some movie .
! you gotta be shitting me .
where do you blind ass simpletons come from ?
fly around that shit 72 72 and don 't let anything in or out , water or air .
these people are fucked in the head .
so who the fuck thought this was a good idea ?
an economic implosion is going to fuck the average russian a great deal harder than putin .
yeah , musta really pulled that comment out of his ass .
i agree , but still a hypocritical piece of shit .
i got tired of poeple and friends starting shit with eack other .
they don 't give a shit about it other than how it can increase their bottom line .
oh shit , better watch out for them awoiaf
everyone who supports obama and thus this is a fucking scumbag .
this shit needs to stop , now !
oh shit , is that the crater ?
sometimes you have to give up being an entitled piece of shit for a reasonable cause .
the guy shouldn 't have pulled a fucking knife then
it doesn 't , it just means they can 't do shit about it now .
if assad wasn 't such a dick then involvement would not be necessary .
no we should 've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of fucking manhattan was rocked .
how the fuck do people not see something wrong with for profit prisons .
"how the fuck did the west "" rush to support "" them ?"
yeah fuck those tax exempt non profits that do great things for the world .
because of fucking corruption in fifa .
you talking shit about kebab ?
have no idea what the fuck i ate
fuck it , i 'm sticking with it .
how in the fuck do they know what a mountain finds disrespectful ?
and ya this is fucked up .
can 't they hook up their projector to a fucking chromecast ?
hey , our president is a kenyan ! have some fucking respect .
fuck letting walmart anywhere near the cannabis industry .
nato isn 't gonna do shit if russia stops being nice .
you know those are the same fucking thing right ?
this is the exact kind of shit they are worried about .
of all the fucking politicians , they interrupt bernie sanders .
fuck i wish i could move to norway .
and , are terrible shit hole states to live in .
"i 'm on that "" fuck it "" lifestyle now ."
why did we elect this cunt ?
this is why society is fucked up .
large corporate entity takes a shit on consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status
""" you gettin' this shit dave ? """
why would you fucking do anything else ?
fuck now that song is stuck in my head .
elected officials don 't give a shit about what electorate have to say .
instead of making the police police the police sweet , a third party entity should be doing that shit .
not giving a fuck is one thing .
let 's stay on the topic at hand because this shit is straight out of house of cards .
because the conservitive runners usually are also for shit i am against .
i would say do it yourself but this crazy cunt would probably sue immediately .
it just happens that nobody gives a shit about those countries .
bush took a vibrant economy and turned it to shit for those who are not super rich .
what the fuck kind of mentality is that .
what the fuck is wrong with those guys ?
cops that want to fuck with people don 't choose city council members .
the government making an ass of all to fill their pockets .
no he is in power and he is fucking the powerless .
shit nashville is still in the league eh .
fuck gasoline , it 's time for this outdated shit to go .
a 56 second needle is fucking * nothing * , dude .
nah mate that shit 's going up too .
we 're going to get fucked soon , big time .
then that constitution is shit .
go fucking google it or something .
usa - always fucking shit up in other countries .
why because i know my fucking history ? ?
the shit her own country does is just as bad , if not worse .
i mean the credit reporting shit is pretty corrupted on its own .
we all fucking know it .
why the living fuck didn 't they secure the area ?
no compromise on the left either ya fucking tool
meanwhile unemployment is at 21 % and people are happy working part time shit jobs
god i fucking love that movie i wonder why ? youtube
"if you let the "" free market "" decide everything , people are going to get fucked"
ok so she 's fucked and thought she was pulling a fast one basically .
he 's also the little shit who fucking loves the seahawks .
you people fucking amaze me with how much you care about such ridiculous shit
or are you bitching just to be an asshole ?
"why the fuck does this interest the "" world "" ?"
that is one of the most retarded articles i 've read in my life .
muslims are like christians , you get the nice ones and the cunts .
they need to get their shit together and fix their own nation first .
so now conservatives give a shit about these kids ?
shit i would love to be him .
get rid of polyglycerol polyricinoleate as well and ill buy that shit .
shit , i got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 - 3 hours .
org and no one seems to care about that , but this is huge huge fucking news
i wish people would stop looking at this shit like doctors were asking to ban diet soda .
what the fuck kind of world is this guy living in .
the older generation obviously doesn 't give a fuck if we all starve .
water canons can be fucked up .
that 's some next level shit right there
no shit , just like cases of theft that go unreported aren 't counted in crime statistics .
"i do not give a shit what the nsa says is "" legal "" ."
we have to act and stop all this shit together .
holy shit , i 'd be all about that .
how in the fuck is she a libertarian ?
"her words "" holy fuck they have bush ! """
too bad we aren 't speaking fucking greek
don 't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out .
it 's that asshole cop that fucked up .
what the fuck did japan ever do to anyone in the middle east ?
oh , well then why the fuck are you assuming anything about their level of comfort with extremists ?
get that cowboy shit out of your head .
speaking as a person who is 37 37 cherokee i dont give a shit .
they didn 't build a lot of big , expensive shit .
this shit is outtta hand .
do you really think they give a shit , what and were you hold your assets ?
"not giving a fuck is more along the line with "" someone else will deal with it """
this is fucking nuts , the disneyfication of new york is complete .
what kind of fucked up world is this where you need a paper trail of your sexual history ?
not to mention bat shit crazy
holy shit , i have the best idea ever .
many teachers just stop giving a fuck about much of anything once they get tenure .
holy fuck these guys in particular are fixated
their supporters don 't give a fuck about facts .
fking just fucking stop it .
fuck ya ! get 'em good and extra judiciously .
i am over reading this shit .
fuck , now i want to place alpha centauri .
fuck 10 10 we need jobs
cuba is fuckin it up .
yep i 'm having a shit day .
yeah , google doesn 't give a fuck except that it 's come out .
it 's about time someone calls israel out on their shit .
holy shit , they blew up a real artifact this time ?
name one fucking rapist that got enough jail time to match the crime .
if a state tried to secede now you bet your ass our army would be there .
holy shit was that place good .
that 's why certain parts are rapidly becoming shit holes leicester was lost years back
i wasn 't talking about this fucking second settle down .
shit , how do they digest food without chemistry ?
if every state did this , the nsa would be shit out of luck .
how the * * fuck * * is this considered anything close to legal ?
do we not go because our team sucks or because no one in canada gives a shit about soccer ?
why ? the kind of people who are gonna pull this shit have no reason to come here .
at a - 81 star retreat , just what police to who do similar or worse shit deserve .
holy shit they actually did it .
buying a fuckin raffle ticket lol
hey ! that 's fucked up , i don 't even like cheetos
in the fucking dark ages .
and there are people here defending this shit .
* it 's the same fucking thing .
and natural gas is largely composed of methane , which is 55 fucking times as bad as co2 .
if no one is able to do shit in this world , fuck them all then .
fuck all y 'all , i 'm going to texas
god damn this is the single most underrated fucking aspect of this conflict .
they still fucked up though .
jesus , even the mods came to clean up the shit here .
this shit doesn 't end does it .
i think ukraine has already fucked its self good and proper .
why the fuck would anyone want the shitty us system to become their system ?
fuck these guys and their $30 socks .
it doesn 't say shit about texans but it says a hell of alot about the sboe .
who the fuck is this supposed to appeal to ?
unless you have money voting won 't do shit for you .
even al qaeda gets a fucking vacation
"more of this "" texas is the future "" shit ."
i 'm still trembling in my hands what the fuck
look at all the shit they 've pulled i
the us aren 't an advanced country , that 's why that shit happens there .
where the fuck are you living ? !
i wish some of these supposed community leaders would get on there soapbox and decry these fucking acts .
where the fuck do i sign up ?
that way they continue to fuck isis and support the kurds .
what the fuck is this comment even supposed to mean ?
they need to buy their own shit .
he 's already partially fucked , he 's been accused , that 's all it takes .
they can do whatever the fuck they want except not wear a sheet over their head .
i hate reading this shit .
why would you not read it and thing 'holy shit , the party has got it figured out .
op , your title is shit .
holy shit if everyone having kids in their 97 s ?
i have serious fucking doubts that they wouldn 't do this .
bush acted on fucking worthless cia info .
did you just see the title and say , oh shit the us is at it again .
shoulda drew a dick on her and called in juice brenner .
though they did throw a lot of shit at him and some of it looked kinda big o
we already got a fuck ton of indians coming here daily .
this is 37 % accurate , fuck the downvoters
it won 't really mean shit .
these days you can find apologists for fucking anything .
shit , sometimes i can 't do it .
more like what the fuck is happening in this thread ? ?
and then to avoid prosecution , you become her employers bitch , and never see her again
it 's a total shit show and they still want another .
its like you fucks dont even try anymore .
what the fuck is wrong with this world ?
if they used it , they are responsible for it , this is fucking primetime television , not r conspiracy
i don 't give a shit what you 'd do with the german flag .
if it 's not israel shitting on the palestinians then reddit doesn 't care .
what a shit job that must be .
speed walking are you fucking kidding me i
sounds like johnson is full of shit .
jesus , 61 trillion is a big ass number
sensationalist shit like this , reddit .
o , well in that case , who gives a fuck .
if anyone deserved it , it was this shit bag .
holy shit , imagine if they were .
what canada really needs is an actual good leader , not stephen ignorant fuck harper .
the supreme court haven 't penalized shit .
fuck that everything should be free
i was being a smart ass .
i don 't give a shit down vote me to hell but fuck what this country is turning to .
it hurts how judgemental assholes view them , and no one gives a shit about that .
anyone who uses this site will also use false information unless they are completely retarded .
they 'll be shitting pancakes for years .
don 't bring that shit back to your home countries .
why the fuck are the brits eating chimps and gorilla meat ?
if what you mean by presidential is a true chicken shit , then we are in agreement .
feel free to downvote me fuck face .
you just want to fuck hot women don 't you ?
shit was the funniest thing i 've seen in a long time .
neither party gives a shit about the common american .
to put it simply , they want the west to start shit with them .
i mean you can beat someone for being a peice of shit , not that it is right .
the embassy workers are going on strike because their salaries are shit .
damn government be after mah dick !
what a dumb fucking argument .
nsfw here is a real girl and her real ass fbcdn - sphotos - h - a
man , what a fucking piece of shit .
it 's the fucking iraqi air force .
you can bet your ass i 'm going to see this movie .
this shit is getting crazy , what 's next no wwii games ?
we don 't give a fuck about your psn or xbox live
i found it ironic as fuck
how about the united states fucking government ?
they 're too evil and guilty of actual crimes and fucking people over .
look at the fuckin nose on this guy
damn , that 's a bad fucking idea .
this shit is like a south park episode .
if we did , we wouldn 't be having these fucking problems .
not to mention it would give you a little bit more girth to get shit done .
it 's basically the same shit most of africa went through and in some places still does .
sure would put some pressure on active cops to not fuck up , now , wouldn 't it ?
majority of world wouldn 't do this kind of shit .
fuck bho that shit is poison
""" those are big fucking tiers ."
the fucking title of the article that gas prices have been dropping ? ? ?
discrimination is still alive for sure but making up shit to jump on the sympathy wagon is just bullshit .
no fucking way someone figures that out .
try to build shit on your own property .
i am a lawn chair expert and i say this article is fear shitting and exaggerating mangos .
"it 's right - wing orwellian doublespeak for "" fuck those commie union sonsabitches "" ."
the most fucked up i 've heard is the bullet ants one .
what 's more he is a dick within a position of power .
if he gets caught again , they better send his ass to usa .
this pc shit needs to stop .
just report his ass and let the mods put a bullet in him .
as a squishy fucking mage .
i don 't know why the fuck people are downvoting me .
live - stream that shit too .
not to mention the amount of ass antlers that are going to get removed .
he and any child who deals with shit like that is a hero .
if we vote out of the eu we 're fucked .
then why can 't i fucking buy beer on sunday mornings ?
this just put shit in perspective for me
yes , they are dicks , but i am on the side of free speech .
get the fuck out of the road .
respawn is for pussies , he 's playing on hardcore diificulty .
at least we get a small ass picture of the damn without the guy , so there 's that .
yet some how i don 't give a shit !
it 's fucked up when montana is the voice of reason
this guy 's just a dick .
except you didnt hear anything about them for an entire week until people started burning shit down .
no transparency , no accountability , no integrity , no ethics , not a single fuck given .
they 've got their shit together .
mccain would have voted 'fuck ted cruz' if he could , but had to settle for 'yes' .
but you know what we haven 't fucked up yet ?
well , we assume it was them or some other group of fundamentalist islamic fuck wads .
? if it feels good shit happens why not show it on camera .
if that not getting the fuck beat out of them then i dont know what is .
because it 's someone 's ass if something like this happens by accident .
it also completely fucked over my grandmother , forcing her to pay $500 m for health insurance .
hahaha i was on the way out when they starting to get strict with that dumb shit .
where in the flying fuck is internal affairs ?
most of the people complaining obamacare fucked them , did not understand how terrible their plans were .
no , your government just doesn 't give a shit you and does this to protects its own interests .
and that is one profoundly fucked up story .
and its a damn good day to be an alabama redneck .
when they have to face a real legal team , they fucking choke
probably because the source , content , html layout and title of that website is complete shit .
and i thought south park was just making shit up .
why the seething hatred for this cunt nugget ?
aircraft carriers don 't mean shit , if the american economy society are in the fucking garbage can .
its like somebody buying a 81 x4 to compensate , nobody gives a shit until they hit somebody .
it doesn 't have to say jack shit about it .
"the writers for "" house of cards "" couldn 't even come up with this shit ."
always a face tattoo with this type of shit .
i wish they were just yelling nonsense instead of fucking up the city .
in what fucked up world is a 33 year old with severe mental illness an adult ?
can 't watch any of the good shit .
unfortunately , until the younger generation actually starts giving a shit , this will continue unabated .
noone earned 95 fuckin billion dollars
that would still fuck me up
who the * fuck * can relax their body when they 're being torn apart by a german shepherd ?
lol , i was saying this in 77 , and nobody fucking listened .
npr is full of shit .
write letters , do some shit .
he had the house and senate in 57 and shoved shit down our throats we never wanted .
no shit that 's the point
the election did not reflect nj 's true leanings , just that buono was a shit candidate .
fuck , i wonder how high the lung cancer rates in china are .
fuck , pisses me off thinking about all these clowns .
then do something that adds value to the wold like shoveling shit or stripping .
do some research before talking shit
this kind of thinking is so fucked .
here 's a video of him , shit always cracked me up .
giant ass moats , been saving imperialistic nations' collective asses since the 54 's .
my relevant comment is that you 're dumb as fuck if you actually believe this shit .
who does that shit when nobody is watching .
for those days i got shit to do , just a happier commute .
really , any bandwidth intensive startup is fucked .
britain got carried across the finish line those lazy fucking red coats .
i am very liberal but this is fucking retarded .
he 's a junior senator for fucks sake .
you 're right , the media is just as shit as we are when it comes to facts .
i just keep losing shit in the solar system anytime i try to just hit mun .
get that latinum , bitches , gold pressed on swole .
fuck you hp , never again .
this shit is really kicking off isn 't it ?
yeah right there are no caves in the mediterranean to hide your ass rachid .
we do shit like that .
that 's a fucking bizarre target .
to do fuck knows what .
what the fuck , why would she do that ?
no one implies that you piece of shit .
you definitely can get herpes viral infection from a blob job or by a mosul sucking your dick .
they might just be soon enough if they don 't knock this shit off .
shit law is shit law .
who the fuck cares what newt gingrich has to say if it 's not about a moon base ?
they treat you like shit .
shit , look st reddit and their new found distrust of obama .
fine my ass , they take all your guns and your license to drive .
so because of a small minority we should give a shit ?
i mean dick fucking cheney , he must have been in the loop
that 's more than a truckload of shit .
you gotta inject that shit .
is she fucking buying $400 , 50 gallons of milk
how does this bitch still have a fucking job ?
people get addicted to that shit .
that 's kind of fucked up on his parents part .
actually they give a fuck its why they 're arresting you to begin with .
i 'm sure most of his constituents are eating this shit - show up .
yea , you buy shit hood style .
you 're really talking out of your ass
news outlets aren 't making shit .
most intelligent people are probably biased against this gestapo shit , so they have a bit of a point .
who own all the e - cig shit ?
fuck lapd they should clean house like they did in camden new jersey .
when i hear this shit i wonder about the source and suspect astroturfing propaganda first .
at some point , the poor will get sick of this shit .
means that a riot is the symptom of an issue , not the solution well go fucking figure .
anytime you hear that you know something fucked up will follow .
he gives quite a few fucks .
daniel acted his scenes well but they were fucking ridiculous anyway .
people would never have the balls to say shit like this in real life .
i see you fucking everywhere .
both sides need to calm the fuck down or we are heading for dark times .
they don 't give a shit about their communities because they never really grew up in one .
yeah , that 's like 36 years too old for shit like that .
i 'm sure someone could dox their asses .
stop your decisive shit and learn to fit into your adopted society - even if you were born there .
this cunt is no victim .
"not so much for any real political reason but because "" fuck you , we 're texas """
what the fuck is wrong with this guy .
google it you dumb ass , they 're on the fema website for christ 's sake .
i 'm sitting here in my calm german city contemplating about my fucking problems .
you should fuck off back to storm front .
fucking kidding me ? truly absurd
even more - why the fuck would a female american want to jon isis ?
dude , get a fucking clue .
"your conception of "" shit "" is profound ."
it 's work if people were fucking sensible .
holy shit , what 's wrong with you ?
or , y 'know , a sizable amount of young people get off their asses and vote
i was so fuckin high , it was amazing .
tough shit , pay your bills .
thanks for sucking my dick honey
this isn 't even like , a complete thought you fucking tumblrina
you know its a shit law when amanada todds mom spoke out against it .
give em a c , that shit ain 't fun .
are you retarded or just a little slow ?
there was a time when it was considered fucking retarded to use your irl identity online .
thats some shit out of boondock saints
what a crock of shit , it 's a game .
they get their boner problem fixed and we don 't have to see those fucking commercials anymore
at least you agree that legally , she 's fucked .
fuck what the jury thinks , this guy should be in prison ?
- holy shit this thread is retarded
holy shit , boehner does have a spine
why should we give them any rights when all they do is bitch and whine .
all of that while you burn fucking dead dinosaurs that pollute the fucking air .
com but still > people on reddit are fucking nuts .
downvoted for being a fucking fascist !
it 's sad but she was probably parked like shit .
to be fair , peter hitchens is a twat .
yeah that epa and laws shit ?
west baltimore is a shit show .
yeh an all them forreners eatin ah swans n shit
fuck that they work about 59 months out of the year
fuck off , i 'm doing stuff
for example i don 't give a shit about your opinions , yet you still comment .
take a shit ! masturbate a bit ! go home again .
obama has fucked up with this trade .
edit nevermind , he 's a fucking troll .
where the fuck in that poll does it say give aid ?
israel must be in some deep shit damned if you do , damned if you don 't .
* when the usa do fucked up shit , thousands hundreds of thousands millions of civilians die en
i travel abroad several times a year and motherfucker if that shit doesn 't happen .
very few people give any shits at all .
you don 't have to have kids to see how fucked up this is .
it 's more likely a political stance by non supporters than the common people giving two shits .
i think this cop already feels like shit .
most laws fuck over non - criminals
unrelated to this thread but fuck that movie so much .
wait you were being sarcastic , fuck .
* air traffic control is some stressful shit * ronald reagan disagrees
can 't get past bull shit new york times paywall .
where ? i bought a 63 mm for 63 after all the taxes and shit .
you mean espn , which was bought by abc in 96 , is shit ?
i mean , shit , at least go the easy route and pay a likable retired sports star .
up to this point i can 't be impressed with their complete lack of fucks up till now .
r worldnews germany destroys brazil what the fuck ?
hamas is also widely recognized as a terrorist group , so protesting against them is redundant as fuck .
"isis has changed their name to "" mongols "" russia 's fucked ."
yeah brilliant idea who gives a fuck about innocent civilians ?
or heck , couldn 't it also be argued that it 's a fucking poptart ?
"the problem i find is that most of my friends who smoke view vaping as "" for pussies "" ."
well fuck you too , cbs .
the god damn country has gone mad .
yea and they don 't do shit about the rent in this city .
edit 13 keep 'em coming , cunts .
plot twist putin has cancer and he gives zero fucks and destroys the world just for fun .
this shit happens all the time
nah , fuck that ass clown .
fucking quality , had to eat it with a fork .
or perhaps you just say these things to get upvotes or something , fuck if i know .
that 's literally the stupidest fucking thing i 've ever heard .
and israeli 's wonder why hamas isn 't interested in disarming when shit like this goes on .
this guy is a fucking dumbshit
rake that shit , hoas say
fuck me , we 're falling behind everywhere .
hamas is winning this battle despite the gazan death toll because hamas doesn 't give two fucks about gazans .
no , they haven 't done jack shit with regard to isis .
yeah right congress , senate , and our presidents especially the bushes are fucking idiots .
and this is why turkey doesn 't give a fuck about your ideas .
there are much more simple ways for terrorists to fuck us if they really wanted .
he 's just a fucking cook !
stop being immature as fuck .
it 's hard to say you did it for freedom , but then fled to fucking russia .
fuck , that 's a bit too close for comfort .
also , we got a 29 % off sale on some shit for coffee .
what happened to the angsty little punk - asses ?
fuck ever happened to marching ?
you guys are fucking nuts , man .
why don 't u get off you 're ass and protest that .
they write some fucked up regulations for businesses , small farms and pass crazy weird tax laws .
this shit would happen regardless .
we 're a fucked up species .
i even know the fuckin national flower and shit they make in kaesong .
nobody gives a shit what old men from over 68 years ago said about anything , thanks .
fuck i thought this comment was the usual mra noise .
and the ira fucking murdered people .
come on down ya cunts i 'll drink ya 's under the table
even people in semi - skilled fields are taking it in the ass .
and why the fuck did they skip out on mentioning glitter herpes
it 's not really that fucked up you compare it to anywhere else in the world .
good thing they 're not in the g7 , dip shit .
people die and reddit continues to treat officers around the world like shit
you really have to wonder how many republicans actually believe the shit that rolls out of their mouths .
it 's less shrinking middle class - more terrible ass traffic .
if you don 't know shit about judaism , why even bother responding ?
i want you to fuck off .
this comment section is a fucking disgrace .
we need to go kick their asses .
in other news no one fucking cares .
several of my friends pissed themselves because they were so fucking terrified of her .
they also fucking love doing heroin .
the west should immediately be intervening and putting money behind stopping these cunts .
reddit really is full of ignorant fucks
man go somewhere and fuck yourself .
well shit - by all means exterminate them then .
that sick fuck is going to be out in 54 years .
no one gives a shit about your prime minister but you guys .
keep bitching , ill keep squeezing oil out of the sand .
have fun being a cunt i guess
even if you do that , you can legally get your ass beat and thrown in jail .
i would vote the shit out of you .
he 's fucking with exit polls , there 's a con in there somewhere .
a question this utterly retarded , deserves no answer .
they 're trying to make you shit your pants every time you hear their name .
fuck that , i 'll just petition my reps directly .
"i don 't get why people don 't just google "" boston space saver snow "" or some shit ."
it doesn 't , but the police still end up looking like jack asses .
christ you people are retarded .
fuck you both for beating me to the punch .
""" he 's already 87 , give him a fucking coors already ! "" "" are you shitting me ?"
if a guy punches the shit out of me i should have every right to fucking have him .
gross abuse of authority like that ought to be fucking criminal .
we 're fuckin' up all our aquifers , man
yes , star wars legos are the shit .
"this is the "" dumb "" shit they 're laughing at"
no seriously you 're fucking retarded
christians love to shit on the pope .
"but if saying "" fuck that group "" is much more offensive for you , go ahead ."
shit we probably literally blow that up in a week .